{"GardenGuy": {"title": "Quality made and a fantastic deal!  Let me show you how they work.", "review": "\u00a0These Rockbirds LED Flashlights I bought came it a pack of 2 for only $9.99 which is a crazy good deal.  I collect LED flashlights and have about 30 right now but I really like these smaller ones because I can just keep them in my pocket.These are heavy duty and made with aluminum.  The battery compartment has an O ring to keep moisture out.  They are waterproof but not to be submerged in water but they will withstand rain.The beam is adjustable and you can see that in the video I provided to go with this review and I also show all 3 modes of lighting.  All you need to do is slightly tap the on and off switch and it will change modes.Please watch the video to get a better idea of what I am talking about.  Overall it is excellent for the price and you get 2!  I give this 5 stars easily.  I hoped this helped in some way.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "GardenGuy", "review_date": "on March 4, 2017"}, "NSB": {"title": "Miniature in size & price, but big on light output!", "review": "Given my many prior, poor experiences with several of the low-price/knockoff CREE type LED, zoomable style flashlights I've bought of this design, these lights are a surprisingly good purchase.  I've left off 1 of the 5 stars for 2 main reasons detailed in PRO's/CON's list below:CONS:1- Without (very) fresh batteries, the luminosity quoted in the product description isn't consistently provided by these lights- except on full, fresh batteries, the light is much dimmer than it can be when the light has fully powered batteries in it, so you'll end up going through batteries faster than normal (thankfully, the \"Amazon Basics\" AA batteries are very good quality & are very cheap compared to name-brands, so this is a solveable issue, just wasteful, seeing as you end up tossing batteries which still hold some charge- I've ended up using the 1/2 dead flashlight batteries in my cable box remotes in an effort not to waste them).2- Like many of the economical flashlights being sold of this design type, sometimes the power-button press to cycle between modes happens without your input, turning on the strobe setting or the lower light output setting without my intending to do so by pressing the power button.PROS:1- These lights are very compact, yet with fully charged batteries, they have a high light output for their size. Given the amount of light they provide when fully powered, they do a good job to the point that my wife always keeps one in her purse & her car for being about at night &/or walking our dog after dark.2- Unlike many of the other flashlights I've bought of this design/type, these lights have held up quality-wise over a decent amount of use- working just as they well as they did when they'd 1st arrived.3- The price asked would be inexpensive for 1 CREE-type LED light of this design & high quality, so very good value for a 2 pack!Overall I certainly recommend them if you're looking for a good, low-cost & compact CREE-type LED, zoomable flashlight which works well & is of good quality..", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "NSB", "review_date": "on February 10, 2018"}, "Snax": {"title": "Great for the kids while Camping", "review": "Even though, the wide angle gives a decent spray of light. With a fresh battery, these lights struggled to light the bushes from 50 yards away. That does not mean if you want to use these babies in the attic, while checking the rat traps, you wont have great light, but when you zoom the lens for a tighter Beam... you'll find a \"square\" which is emitted by the LED module/crystal. Which is okay, (for kids) but not great if you need to really see that \"thing\" that is right there... LOOKIN BACK AT YOU ......  All in all, this is great deal for a four pack of flashlights that you can give to the kids for a camping trip, to keep them all on the same wave, but if you're looking for something else to keep you out of the dark, and give yourself a chance to stay ahead of the critters... try something else.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Snax", "review_date": "on November 7, 2017"}, "jack": {"title": "Heavy Duty and Bright", "review": "\u00a0These are good quality tactical flashlights. They have three modes and in the video I am posting along with this review you can see the difference in the 3 modes which are changeable with a click of the button at the end of the flashlight. There is a sturdy pocket clip mounted to the side of the flashlights with two small screws. So far I haven't had any problems with the flashlights which seem to be pretty durable and are just what I expected.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jack", "review_date": "on March 7, 2017"}, "JTL": {"title": "Small, but mighty", "review": "These ended up being very handy, but I didn't realize how small they would be. To be fair to the manufacturer I probably didn't grasp what the dimensions they posted really meant so it's in. I way their fault. For those of you who are not as found of math or lack basic sense of  spatial awareness (like me), these little guys are about palm size. Maybe a little smaller or bigger depending on your body proportions, but that's my best comparison out the gate.All that being said these are some nifty flashlights. They have a bright, medium, and strobe setting which you change by halfway pressing the power button. I found that out a bit of a startling way, but was none the less impressed. Overall I am satisfied with my purchase.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JTL", "review_date": "on September 13, 2017"}, "Darlene Sharpe": {"title": "small but powerful", "review": "These are small enough to carry in a purse or backpack. I personally carry one in my purse for those times when I am going to my car late in the evening and need a light to see.  I take evening classes and sometimes going to my car is a little scary, so I really like having the flashlight readily available. It eases my stress and fears waking to my car being able to actually see.  We recently lost power and I used my rockbird flashlight most of the evening. I was amazed at how long and well it worked. I am very happy with these flashlights and look forward to using them for camping and hiking over the summer. I am impressed for as small as they are, they emit quite a bit of light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Darlene Sharpe", "review_date": "on March 16, 2017"}, "Nalo": {"title": "One Bright, One Dim!", "review": "Handy little flashlights and I thought the clip would be great for for those times I don't happen to have pockets.  So far I found that the metal bar is so tight that I can't it to clip on any clothing and I am afraid to pry it open too far in case it snaps off.I also received one that was great and one that was significantly dimmer.  Can't blame the batteries as I switched them out with the same results.If they were both the same intensity I would rate them 5 stars.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nalo", "review_date": "on August 25, 2017"}, "Minnchic": {"title": "Great Flashlights in a small package", "review": "Don't be fooled by their small appearance they pack a punch! Liked the fact that two came in a package. They are small enough that I kept one in my glove box in my car and one in the bathroom vanity in our upstairs bathroom.  When the electricity goes out it always seems like I can never find the flashlights now I have them on every level of my home. With one simple Double A battery they are ready to go.  They really give off a lot of light for a small flashlight.  I also like the fact that they have a setting that is like a strobe light.  That is why I decided to keep one in the car if we ever get stuck in the dark it can be used to flag someone down. I will be purchasing more of these!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Minnchic", "review_date": "on April 7, 2017"}, "Olivia": {"title": "one worked, one didnt", "review": "i gave it 3 stars because only one of the flash lights worked.  it didnt seem worth it to send them back since i really only needed one for a Christmas gift, just seemed easier and cheaper to get the two pack.  I put the batteries in and one worked right away while the other only pretends to work if the spring touches the side wall while the battery is in it and that's impossible to use since you have to close the cap to keep the battery inside.  The one that works however is awesome and more than what i expected it to be, flashes, zooms and expands and is very bright for its small size. just wish the other one worked. overall happy with the one that works but disappointed only one worked", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Olivia", "review_date": "on December 11, 2017"}, "The Great Buzzwami": {"title": "Fantastic Little Flashlight, Except...", "review": "Really love these little flashlights, they're the best I've found on market. Small, VERY powerful for their size, focusable and only require one AA battery.Why not 5 stars? Because of the three modes that you must cycle through every time. I have a couple of flashlights that stay in the same mode unless you repeatedly press the button, and then stay in that mode until changed again. That's the way all of these should work. It's a real pain to have to click so many times, just to get back to the only setting I'll use: high. Make that change and I'll buy a dozen for everyone in the family.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "The Great Buzzwami", "review_date": "on April 30, 2017"}, "BillyBobBooooooJohnson": {"title": "Not happy with modes!!!!", "review": "I ordered similar lights to this in the past... LOVED THEM!  These however constantly cycle the features each time you turn the light on.For example:First time you turn it on... Super bright.Next time... Dim mode.Next time... Flashing pattern.NORMALLY... These types of flashlights should function:Momentary press button = Changes mode.Turn unit off = Remembers where it was.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BillyBobBooooooJohnson", "review_date": "on December 10, 2017"}, "Chris Hoekstra": {"title": "Surprisingly cool light and a great value!", "review": "This is my new EDC replacing the Tank007 703.  I don't know why but I just love it.  As any flashaholic knows, a flashlight is personal, especially one of few that gets carried around every day.  I think I like the feel and the grip and the wide flood the most.  Highly recommend!Now on to the more practical part of the review so people can make an educated decision:- This indeed runs well and bright on a Liion 3.7V 14500 battery and is much brighter- The 14500 battery doesn't last long; in fact it lasts a bit less than my 10440 in my Tank 703- The zoom becomes a bit loose after a while but not in a bad way, just easier to move and more prone to move when you don't want it.- Mine arrive in full working order, my father in law's arrived Dead and he had to RMA it.  Set your expectations low and you will be surprised.- When zoomed out it is a great soft and beautiful flood light.  When zoomed in to around 80% it is nice and focused and a good beam pattern with soft edges.  When fully zoomed in it is a large magnification of the emitter and an ugly square with lines just like the emitter is.  It doesn't bother me but should be stated for those purists out there that look strongly at beam pattern.- It is a little heavy light for its size and quite thick compared to most 14500 lights but also feels short (don't think it is though).  It feels more like a CR123 light.  Kinda cool and refreshing- Reverse clicky (what would you expect for $5) but it is a good tailcap that can stand.- Threads are fairly smooth but the spring catches as you unscrew and makes it feel gritty when it really isn't.- Anodizing is surprisingly strong as I have it in my pocket with lots of other metal lights and knives and all the rest are now black and silver were the coating has rubbed off this is solid and nothing has come off in several months.  Impressive!Overall it isn't the most competent light on the planet and a far cry from a high-end fenix light but for $5 and all the things it does right I would highly recommend it.  Worst case it is a conversation piece, best case it becomes your new EDC like me.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chris Hoekstra", "review_date": "on December 20, 2012"}, "JJ": {"title": "One for the price of two", "review": "Opened the box, grabbed one of the flashlights, twisted the top off, placed the battery.  Seemed to work pretty good.  Then, I grabbed the other flashlight, twisted the... twisted the stuck top, pull the top, WD40 the top, twist the top while holding the body with pliers, threw in trash.  The top was welded on and stripped so badly there was nothing I could do to open it and place the battery.  If you're going to seal it shut, at least provide the battery.  Ridiculous.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JJ", "review_date": "on August 29, 2017"}, "paintednightsky": {"title": "love these mini flashlights", "review": "Great deal for a pair of mini flashlights.  Very small and lightweight so very easy to throw in your purse to have just in case or around the house if the power goes out.  Fits in the palm of my hand.  Takes just one double AA battery.  Very bright and you can adjust to turn it even brighter.  Pictures I've taken below are in pitch black so you see how bright they are.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "paintednightsky", "review_date": "on April 27, 2017"}, "Kelly": {"title": "Very durable flashlights", "review": "These flashlights work really well. The are heavy duty metal so they feel like they will take some abuse and not break. They get very bright which is obviously what you want from a flashlight. You get 2 so its a good value for your money. I keep one in the car for emergencies and my husband has the other one. I think these will last a very long time.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kelly", "review_date": "on April 6, 2017"}, "Kris": {"title": "Not great, but worth the price.", "review": "These flashlights aren't as bright as I expected, but they work. I don't really like how each press of the power button cycles through the three settings (bright, dim, flashing). When I press the power, I expect it to always start on the bright setting, but it doesn't. It goes to whatever setting was next in the rotation. It's not a big deal, but it's a little annoying.I would give these 3 stars, but the good price point bumps it up to 4. I didn't pay much for these, so they're mostly worth the price. I have another small flashlight I much prefer, but it was also a lot more expensive.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kris", "review_date": "on August 29, 2017"}, "Matthew": {"title": "Ok for price, didn't last super long.", "review": "The flashlights haven't been very durable. The back button get's kind of finicky where you have to click it several times for it to turn back on.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Matthew", "review_date": "on August 8, 2017"}, "DaytonaDan": {"title": "Bright, well made. But wait for a sale to buy them.", "review": "Very well made aluminium tube and very bright. What more could you want? Well, maybe a bigger flashlight. These things are tiny but crank an amazing amount of light given their size. Good for car, purse or pocket. Or to clip on your belt. The ability to focus the beam from narrow to wide is a plus. Be sure to wait for the sales. Prices are all over the map on these things, from as little as $8 (for 2) to almost $30. A good deal at the lower price point.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DaytonaDan", "review_date": "on April 25, 2017"}, "Amazon Customer": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "GREAT LITTLE FLASH LITE", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Amazon Customer", "review_date": "on January 20, 2018"}, "electrolytz": {"title": "compact and practical", "review": "I always like to keep a small flashlight in my handbag in case of emergencies- you never know when an elevator will have a power outage or when you'll get stuck outside after dark. These are perfect for that purpose- they're lightweight enough yet comfortable to hold. I like that it comes in a pack of two, so I have a backup. The clip allows me to attach it to the pocket in my handbag for easy retrieval. And for a small flashlight, the LED light is strong, so I can see myself holding this for a long time in case of a power outage, unlike other powerful flashlights that are large, bulky and heavy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "electrolytz", "review_date": "on April 6, 2017"}, "WI Farm Family": {"title": "These work wonderfully well!", "review": "We often need to head outdoors with no prior warning to deal with issues with the farm animals.  A bright, reliable flashlight that can slip into a pocket is a must for us.Shipping was fast with Amazon Prime and the packaging was excellent.  These flashlights did not come with batteries, but I had some on hand for the flashlights we already own.These flashlights are lightweight and very, very bright.  The adjustable beam allows us to search the woods quickly and then to pinpoint what we're searching for.  Most recently that was a wild raccoon who was tipping our waste cans and stealing food from the barn cats.The clips are strong, enabling us to ensure that the flashlights won't fall out of our pockets while we're working.I have absolutely no complaints and intend to buy these again!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "WI Farm Family", "review_date": "on May 7, 2017"}, "Mike M": {"title": "Great light, rechargeable battery friendly", "review": "These are very lightweight and last forever on a single AA battery.I use them for evening strolls around (an increasingly dark as winter is upon us) set of streets and the flash mode make me very obvious to oncoming cars.Super lightweight, and built to last. I have been using them for months without an issue. They even work well with rechargeable batteries.One caution: Rechargeable batteries + LED's mean that when the power drops below the minimum the LEDs need, you will find that the light just stops working, unlike a bulb which dies slowly, this can cut off entirely. But keep a good charge and you won't be disappointed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mike M", "review_date": "on December 6, 2017"}, "Bacon fan": {"title": "Seemed high quality, power/selector button is flawed", "review": "These seem solid and good quality. However after using for one camping trip (right out of the box) the power button/mode selector on the flashlight has developed a short. It is indecisive on whether or not it will turn on at all when clicked, and the half click to change modes guarantees it shuts off and you're hard pressed to get it to turn back on again. I should have been thorough about putting these through the paces during the return window before trying to rely on them.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bacon fan", "review_date": "on September 15, 2017"}, "FunMa of 3": {"title": "Great lights for a great price.", "review": "These mini LED flashlights are perfect for my little ones to use while we are out camping. They are heavy duty yet light and water resistant so they can withstand the rain (it always rains while camping). With these you have the ability to focus and adjust the intensity of light. There are 3 different modes: high beam, low beam and flashing and it only takes one AA battery. My son loves the handy built-in clip; he can clip the flashlight to his pant pocket, on his shirt or where ever it fancies him. Only flaw to me is that the clip is quite stiff so it can be difficult trying to clip it on but it definitely stays in place. Overall, these are great, sturdy little lights for the money. You get alot of light from such a small flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "FunMa of 3", "review_date": "on July 11, 2017"}, "tj&mw67": {"title": "Absolute Garbage", "review": "I bought these  flashlights to keep in the glove box of both cars to use in case of an emergency.  They both failed only after using them several times.  The product is garbage and i threw both of them away.  Not even worth the hassle of packaging them back up to send back.  You get what you pay for I guess.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tj&mw67", "review_date": "on August 14, 2017"}, "C. Chiu": {"title": "You get what you paid for.", "review": "It is a small and cheap LED flashlight, I actually bought several to keep everywhere in the car, office, and home just in case I need a flashlight. It is not 300 lumens, more like 100 lumens the most.The battery life is adequate. The battery I put in 3 years still works (bought in 2012), I guess that means it doesn't just drain the power when not in use.It is solid aluminum body and does have water proof o-ring. I did not submerge the flashlight, only used it in the rain and it seems to be fine, no electric shock experienced.The ones I received have 3 modes: high, low and burst. HOWEVER, a simple shake of the flashlight changes the mode. For the price, I guess I should not be expecting a shock absorbing button or some sort, still annoying though.You can change the focus of the flashlight but move the lens forward or backward. It will change the throw from a wider area to a more square center spot. AGAIN, the lens just slides, you have to hold it to keep the focus at what you like.For the price, it is not bad, it turn on and stays on. As far as stay in the same mode and focus goes, you probably need to pay more for other flash light... If you want a flashlight that your life can depend on, then pay more to get a Nitecore, Fenix, Olight or even a Surefire.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "C. Chiu", "review_date": "on June 10, 2015"}, "Jago": {"title": "Looks can be deceiving", "review": "At first I was going to give it 1 star....Upon opening my package, I see this tiny box. No way that's 1 flashlight, let alone 2. I open the tiny box and see 2 tiny flashlights. Great, I got ripped off. I put in a battery to try one out just for the hell of it. Was I wrong.....these tiny things are sweet. They pack as much light power as a bigger flashlight I have, which looks similar. These are great for BOB or EDC equipment. I might even buy a couple more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jago", "review_date": "on July 8, 2017"}, "Jim Warren": {"title": "Delighted with this 6-pack of small", "review": "Delighted with this 6-pack of small, VERY bright flashlights.Only minor quibble is that it's unclear when pressing the \"On\" button will turn on a solid light, versus turning on a rapidly-flashing light.(Apparently the flashing light - which may or may not come on - is to confuse all those terrible criminals that are trying to attack you ... 'cause, you know, you're so likely to face that \"tactical\" situation.)Other quibblette is that it'd be nice to be able to remove the pocket-clip (but it's attached with 2 unusual screws). On the other hand, if it was removed, then the flashlight would roll freely on any surface on which one might lay it - which would NOT be \"desirable\".  So, at least the pocket-clip keeps the otherwise completely round flashlight from rolling when layed-down.All in all, I LIKE 'em - a LOT!  :-)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jim Warren", "review_date": "on September 26, 2017"}, "Drew": {"title": "Great for the price, but not for your \u201cmain\u201d light", "review": "Considering how little it costs for two of them, they are well built and very bright.  The issue is with the switch logic.  There is a single switch that turns it on/off (hard press) and changes the mode (half press).  The problem is that each time you turn it on, it switches to the next mode.  So if you are using it in \u201chigh\u201d and turn it off, you will get \u201cstrobe\u201d next time.  Not a deal breaker, but annoying.Again, great buy to throw in a drawer, but look elsewhere for something to carry every day.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Drew", "review_date": "on February 6, 2018"}, "Leslie Jensen": {"title": "Good, solid, small flashlights - great for camping", "review": "Great little flashlights for camping/hiking.  I kept one in my backpack for any emergency that might arise while hiking.  And the other in the car to use at my campsites.  I used the campsite flashlight EVERY night - it's small enough to comfortable fit in your pocket and bright enough to walk the dog and/or walk to the bathroom in near complete darkness and only had to replace the battery once.  The only complaint I have is that it seems to always rotate into strobe mode when I would turn it on - a little irritating, but not a deal breaker.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Leslie Jensen", "review_date": "on November 19, 2017"}, "The End": {"title": "ONLY ONE WORKS LIKE IT SHOULD...", "review": "only one of the two i received works correctly.  one of them does the hi and lo and strobe.  the other one shines a light only.  china...", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "The End", "review_date": "on July 6, 2017"}, "Able Devildog": {"title": "Outstanding buy for the price", "review": "After a power outage, I decided we needed more flashlights available. The cheap 9 LED flashlights just didn't cut it and it was a lot of trouble having to insert three batteries into the flashlight cartridge. I have only tried out one Rockbird but the results were good. It isn't the most powerful flashlight around but it does the job. It puts out plenty of light and inserting one AA battery is very easy. For general use, it is a very good flashlight. My only con is that it is black and hard to find in the dark and in dark drawers. Wish I was able to get them in silver.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Able Devildog", "review_date": "on August 28, 2017"}, "Mary H": {"title": "Very small but VERY bright I LOVE them!!!!", "review": "I love this set of 2 mini but very powerful flashlights I keep 1 in my purse and 1 in the drawer of my nightstand next to my bed for an emergency if the power ever goes out during a storm.  You can pull the top part up and down to make the light wider or smaller to fit the amount of light you need.  It also has a flashing light on it as well.  You can even clip the light to your pants belt clip that is on it. The LED bright light is perfect for helping you find your keys in the dark and also when walking at night time.  I will be getting me another set so my kids can have 1 for them to keep in they backpacks.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mary H", "review_date": "on May 30, 2017"}, "Luis Rodriguez": {"title": "Crap!", "review": "Pure crap! They end up in garbage can two days after arrival. Very low quality.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Luis Rodriguez", "review_date": "on October 5, 2017"}, "Darlene": {"title": "Rockbirds LED flashlight.", "review": "Always, always need flashlights in our house and only LED ones.  The flashlight is bright, has a belt clip, fits perfectly in your hand and compact.  It has a caution mode, where the light blinks to let others know something is wrong. HOpefully no one will ever have to use that setting.  This flashlight being so compact is great for you need to look under cabinets and small spaces.  My husband used it for the lower compartment on his boat.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Darlene", "review_date": "on March 30, 2017"}, "Sandi": {"title": "BE AWARE--NO RETURN", "review": "I ordered these last week and after putting a battery in the first one thought it seemed like a good product, especially liking the small size.  I tried putting a battery in the second one and it will not close.  Apparently the grooves are stripped so it will not hold the end which secures the battery.  I tried to return and today discovered they are NOT ELIGIBLE FOR RETURN so I have one flashlight instead of two.  I am wondering how long this one will last.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sandi", "review_date": "on September 2, 2017"}, "GC Gallagher": {"title": "Super bright, compact and a great value", "review": "I didn't expect that the mini flashlights would be as powerful as they are. They're great to keep in your toolbox, glovebox or purse. Also great to keep in a kitchen drawer for power outages, just in case.At just over 3.5\" long they emit a super strong beam of LED light. They are really solid and have a nice weight to them. Two AA batteries (not included) is all it takes to operate them both. I'm going to keep one in the car and use one for camping.Since they're water-resistant I can bring it out on the kayak for those evening paddles and I won't have to worry about the flashlight getting splashed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "GC Gallagher", "review_date": "on April 10, 2017"}, "Kristi Fahlsing": {"title": "A nice LED (small) flashlight!", "review": "I purchased the LED Flashlight by Rockbirds because I wanted a flashlight I could easily put into the center console of my Jeep. This flashlight is perfect because it is small enough to fit just about anywhere that you want to put a flashlight. You could carry this in your purse, your vehicle, it even has a clip for a belt. Just remember, batteries are not included. So you will need two AA batteries. I am pleased with this purchase. :-)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kristi Fahlsing", "review_date": "on March 5, 2017"}, "Shieldmaiden Mist": {"title": "Nice and Compact", "review": "I ordered these because of their size. They fit nicely and discreetly into my purse and I can take it to go in case I need it.These flashlights are nice and bright, perfect for emergency situations or power outages. I don't like having huge bulky flashlights in my tiny apartment. They really take up way too much space. These are well built, strong and will last a long time. Really happy to have found these.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Shieldmaiden Mist", "review_date": "on April 15, 2017"}, "MS.Dimas": {"title": "Two nice sturdy LED flashlights", "review": "I ordered my Rockbird led Flashlight thinking i was getting one. I am so surprised at the fact I recieved two. These by the way came so fast by prime. They didnt come with batteries so i loaded them today. Woot hoo. they are bright exactly what I aspected with LED. Nice and small fit so comfortly in my hand as a women the are about the size of my palm. I am totally keeping one of these in my kitchen and one in my SUV. Totally never know when its needed. Has a screw off top to change batteries as well as a nice sturdy clip to hold onto stuff. These Rock! Thank you again for the great Deal.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MS.Dimas", "review_date": "on April 4, 2017"}, "Cane Corso": {"title": "Do Not Buy!!!!  Very Poor Quality & short lifespan!", "review": "What a waste of money! These things looked like they'd be great, and I liked the adjustability of the beam angle. But they both stopped working within 1 week of being used. I've had lower quality cheaper crap from the dollar store last longer than these! I only rated them 1 star because there isnt an option for ZERO stars or even negative stars!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cane Corso", "review_date": "on December 22, 2017"}, "Spiced Rum": {"title": "Great flashlight for the price", "review": "This is great flashlight for the price.I got this flashlight for my toolbox in the truck.  It works great, it\u2019s small and economical.This flashlight can run on either one of these batteries:* 1 size AA (regular 1.5v battery), easy to find and cheap.or* 1 size 14500 (3.7v battery), harder to find and more expensive, but brighter.Depending on the battery you use, the light is dimmer or brighter:a) On a single AA battery, I would estimate 130 lumens.  To me this is very bright on a single regular battery. I compared to another light I have that is advertized as 130 lumens by Energizer, it is very close to the same brightness in my opinion.  To me 130 lumens is great task lighting.b) On a single 14500 battery, the company claims 300 lumens and I believe it.  300 lumens is INTENSE, probably TOO much for task lighting.  You likely would like this more for walking in the dark, where the light is out away from you more.Other points:a) Uses a 3 click switch.  Press once for full brightness.  Press quickly twice for1/2 brightness.  3 times for fast blinking at full bright.b) The front of the flashlight pulls in/out to focus the beam.  It works well and stays where you put it.c) The light color is a slight shift towards blue from absolute white.  But nothing extreme.d) Has a tail cap pushbutton switch is encased in rubber. This is great for one-handed operation.e) Doesn't easily do \"momentary on\". Momentary on is when it comes on by slightly pressing the switch and goes off when you release it. This light comes on when you release the button, not when you push it down. Fellow flashlight geeks call that a \"reverse clicky\".f) Says it\u2019s water resistant, but I doubt it is water proof.  However, I didn\u2019t dunk test it for water proof for fear of ruining it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Spiced Rum", "review_date": "on November 25, 2016"}, "nadesico81": {"title": "Nice durable small flashlight", "review": "I bought this flashlight for my work as an EMT on a Ambulance. It's small light weight and easy to use. I have a need for a bright light but I don't like to carry stupid huge flash lights on my belt. With the advances of CREE LEDs small flashlights are much more powerful now.Pros:Small size easily fits into my pants pocket.Nice strong clip that can secure it to most belts.Bright adjustable light that can light up the sides of a 4 story building and focus in like a spot light.Stupid bright light that can light up the darkest of EMS scenes without holding up a huge flash light.Price you cant beat it!The on and off button is set up so it wont turn on by mistake in my pocket like other flashlights I have.Cons:-It runs on one AA battery which with extended use will drain quickly so be sure to have a extra battery on hand.-The dam thing took 4 weeks to ship from China. After looking around on Amazon this same model ships from sellers in the USA but the price is a few dollars more.-The parts will unscrew if your not careful. The easy way to fix this is to make sure all the parts of the light are twisted on tightly.This flashlight is on par with the 5.11 taclight I own and my Surefire Light for a fraction of the money. I lost a 50 dollar 5.11 flashlight one night in the snow at a car accident. This flashlight is so cheap you can afford to loose it and still feel good about buying a new one.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "nadesico81", "review_date": "on February 16, 2014"}, "Licher": {"title": "it's pretty cool). Hundreds of people use flashlights at night ...", "review": "This are so bright.  I ordered 3 because they are cheap and then ordered 10 more just to have around everywhere, including cars.  I tried the upgrade to the more powerful battery but really noticed no difference in brightness.  These are plenty bright enough as is with the AA battery.Also, I did the RIT Big-Shot at high-falls in Rochester, NY (you can look it up, it's pretty cool).  Hundreds of people use flashlights at night to light up structures or landscapes to achieve a really unique nighttime photograph.  For this shot, we were about 1/4 mile away from the falls.  I was EASILY able to light up the falls and my flashlight was very distinguishable from the plethora of other flashlights trying to do the same.  Many flashlights were unable to reach the 1/4 mile distance, but this small one and large spotlights had no problem.I highly recommend this flashlight, but get lots because they are great to have everywhere.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Licher", "review_date": "on November 20, 2014"}, "James G. Demian": {"title": "Well-made, bright, and good deal.", "review": "Wow.  Nicely made.  Work very well with Li Ion 14500 batteries as well as with AA alkaline (of course dimmer).  Not hard to get used to the (stupid) inclusion of Strobe Mode.  They automatically cycle from mode to mode each time you turn them off/on with the tail switch.  Hint to make your life easier (such as it is): When (not if) it turns on automatically (every third time) in strobe mode, just gently push down slightly once or twice on the switch to make it cycle between modes to get what you want.  Instead of \"jumping up and down, screaming and shouting\", just think ZEN thoughts (Ooooommmm.  All is beauty) and gently depress the switch.And think of the amazingness of this: A bright (and cheap and well-made) LED flashlight that operates on one lousy battery at 1 1/2 volts (yes, even cheap light \"heavy duty\" non-alkalines) or an NiMH rechargeable at 1.35 volts and yet is still not destroyed by 3.7 volt Li Ion's.  Would I be as enthusiastic if I'd not got them on sale at 6.99?  Well, maybe a little less because the competition in quantity goes for about $3 to $4 per, and if I buy 5 or 6, I'd be giving away a few to friends and that would be even more fun.One little nit-picky thing: the \"Two Fluorescent Rings Which Shine in the Dark Night\" (not fluorescent but phosphorescent) the \"rings\" seem to be just those (cheap) little silicone rubber bands sold in handi-craft stores that are woven together (mainly by younger people, it seems) to make rings and bracelets.  Yeah, some of those are sold as glow-in-the-dark.  My point is that after a few minutes in the dark, I've seen matches brighter than these -yeah UNLIT matches!One more thing - if you use 14500 Li Ion batteries:\u00a0EBL 14500 Li-ion Rechargeable Batteries 3.7V 800mAh for LED Flashlight Torch, 8 Packs\u00a0most of these are what is called \"unprotected\".  In this case, it means if their voltage goes down in the flashlight, they are probably going to be damaged and may never again be able to be charged to full capacity - or at all.  So this is my suggestion: if the \"bulb\" starts dimming or shuts off by itself: immediately open the flashlight and take out the battery.  That way the flashlight cannot draw down its voltage any more.  Since there's no circuit to protect your battery, you have to do it.  This should help you protect your investment and continue to give you the nice bright light these batteries give with these flashlights.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James G. Demian", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "Lunix": {"title": "Nice flashlight for the money", "review": "I bought a dozen of these and gave about half of them away.  They're solid, and after about a year, are all working as new.  Since I got so many I was able to tell that some of the zooms slide smoothly and easily, others are barely movable.  Zoomed all the way in (smallest beam spread) the beam is nearly square, the same geometry as the LED chip.  That is, the LED chip is projected in detail at full zoom, as you zoom out the beam quickly becomes round.  With a new AA battery, the most tightly zoomed beam will reach over 100 feet with adequate illumination of the target in my opinion.  The word target refers only to whatever is illuminated by the beam, and isn't intended to imply that this light should or could work as a firearm accessory.The mounting clips on some use allen head screws, others use el-cheapo phillips pig iron screws.  I removed the clips from all of them because they are sort of sharp, and in the way.If they were of more consistent quality, I'd give five stars.  However as far as the switches and the illumination, they are nearly identical.  That is a good thing since the switches are solid feeling, and the illumination is even and bright.  They chew through a AA battery pretty fast.  I get about 1.5 hours from a good quality alkaline (i.e. Duracell, Energizer).  I've never had one go out, but they get pretty dim if you don't change the battery soon enough.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lunix", "review_date": "on September 4, 2014"}, "D. Williams": {"title": "Lightin' Up Life", "review": "Here are a few words: You won't believe what this thing does with its self-generated light!After one, count 'em one AA battery (who cares if it's not provided!) is slipped into this little giant and it's put all together again, the push of a rubber-protected red button (about 3/4 the size of a man's thumb pad) on the opposite end of a case containing a convex lense and \"let their be light\" just seems an inadequate description.The SODIAL Hausbell Mini Cree LED Flashlight Torch (got enough words in there? Might be room for a couple more) shines by using an adjustable focus convex lense that delivers a nearly gradient-free light beam that when held three-feet high broadcasts a 24\" diameter, really, truly round light beam. Remember the shadows in other flashlights that seem to hit at exactly the WRONG place? This has none. Period. None.If you need a pinpoint beam, well, this does a darn decent job, too. A user can easily discern individual chunks of pine bark on a tree 50-feet away. At twice that distance the penetrating bean shines well into whatever woods may be in front of it.Already having one spot too many burnt on my retina, I'm not about to try a \"blinding\" light. But I'll bet it does. Enough, one fears, to blind an intruder or attacker. Really. But keep in mind that a youngin' lacking sense may also blind himself or another person. So keep this thing out of such hands.This thing rates \"very cool.\"", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D. Williams", "review_date": "on October 3, 2013"}, "Erin Stubbs": {"title": "Great little flashlights", "review": "This set of two flashlights are a great deal in my opinion.  I gave my husband one to use in his tow truck and one stays in the house for me. These flashlights are very bright and you can adjust the scope of the light from a large area to a precise close area. I use my flashlight in the house to check on eggs in an incubator so I pull the top of the flashlight out to narrow the scope. It is plenty bright for me to see the babies in the eggs. My husband has used his for lots of things in the tow truck. It is great for lots of jobs since it has adjustable lighting. It's also easy for him to keep on himself with the metal clip and non-slip grip.  I like that they are made with aluminium so they are lightweight and durable. So far they show no wear and tear even though we are constantly using them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Erin Stubbs", "review_date": "on March 10, 2017"}, "Trogdor": {"title": "Obnoxious strobe/flashing mode you can't avoid, but decent flashlight.", "review": "FYI, to get it to switch modes, you turn it of then on again and it switches.  It goes from (1) bright --> (2) Dimmer --> (3) Flashing.The flashing is obnoxious.  I wish I could get rid of that.  I see no need for that in my life or 99% of anyone who buys this thing.  It just threatens you with a seizure as you try to quickly switch it off and on to a different mode.But the light is fairly bright.  No big complaints with how it works when it's just on and working.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Trogdor", "review_date": "on April 8, 2018"}, "Zero": {"title": "Small but bright", "review": "Very bright, well made, I like that it only uses one battery.  Small enough to fit in my pocket.  I use it for dog walks at night.  It lights up the ground very well and has a decent light projection for being so some.  It was a very good buy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Zero", "review_date": "on August 19, 2017"}, "Greg D.": {"title": "Great Little Flashlights", "review": "Totally worth the price. Much brighter than the LED flashlights you buy at the checkout counter for the same price and this needs just 1aa battery rather than 3aaa like the checkout counter models.  These are tiny -FYI.  They fit in your palm so don't expect something bigger.  Great little lights.  I bought 2 just to check them out. Now I'll order the six pack and stash them all over.Just ordered 4 more. They arrived and work great.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Greg D.", "review_date": "on July 6, 2017"}, "Cogito ErgOsUm": {"title": "Besides metal casing, lower quality than Harbor Freight $2 LED flashlights", "review": "So I was hoping for a durable metal flashlight that had better than average candle power. What I got was essentially a $3 flashlight with a metal casing.First impressions were it was alittle lighter than I imagined.The light was not even that bright. I dug out a $1.99 Harbor Freight LED flashlight and compared the 2 on my basement wall. The H Freight one out shined the Rockbird one easily. Not terrible enough to junk or return, a small metal casing flashlight could come in handy.But when I need a bright light, I wont be reaching for this", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cogito ErgOsUm", "review_date": "on October 6, 2017"}, "yong": {"title": "Kind of bulky/heavy for an EDC light, almost perfect", "review": "The light has three modes, all of which are activated by the same pushbutton on/off switch.  A half push of the button switches modes while a full push turns the light on or off.  The first mode is full brightness, then half brightness, then full brightness but strobe/blinking mode.  The beam of the light can be focused with a telescopic feature at the head of the light where the bulb is (instead of the typical twist to focus the beam of light).  This method of focusing the light is actually much better for my frequent uses because it is very quick and easy to change how focused I need the light to be (with just two fingers instead of two hands).This flashlight can easily be operated while wearing thick winter gloves.  In the instances when you'll need both hands, this flashlight is just small enough so that you could use your teeth (its heavy so you'll have to bite hard but don't forget metal is tougher than your teeth... unless you WANT to file your teeth down)The light output isn't as bright as some other flashlights in the same price range but this is actually a good thing because I will get much more time out of the battery.  I don't like carrying extra batteries but you'll need to do that with the brighter flashlights because one AA can only give you 2-4hours but this flashlight lets me go about 6+hours before I notice a significant dimmer light.  Costco sells a duracell brand flashlight (pack of 3) for a similar price but that light is even bulkier, heavier, and uses way more batteries.The flashlight is tough enough to be dropped and will fit in your jeans pocket uncomfortably  There are much lighter or brighter flashlights but this is a great value for its price and durability.  I use and carry this everyday so yes, I would continue to highly recommend this flashlight.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "yong", "review_date": "on March 1, 2014"}, "Kindle Customer": {"title": "Very bright and compact.", "review": "Solidly built, takes a beating. Only complaint, and it is minor, is that a regular AA will wear down fairly quickly.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kindle Customer", "review_date": "on July 2, 2013"}, "MsT": {"title": "Small but powerful flashlight.", "review": "I bought these for my son and his friend to take camping on a school trip. They came in really handy because they got caught in the rain while hiking at night and these worked the entire time (almost one hour) until they got back to their campsite. They are small enough to fit in his jacket pocket so he was the only one to have one with him beside the counselor. We have them in a drawer in our kitchen in case the building loses power and it does all summer so they will come in handy. They are very bright and I would not expect that from such a small flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MsT", "review_date": "on May 12, 2017"}, "J. B. Dian": {"title": "Very practical product.", "review": "I'm really glad I got these.  I keep one in the kitchen (for finding equipment in all the dark corners of cabinets) and one next to the attic door (I'm afraid I use the attic as kind of an extended storage closet).  They're very bright and I particularly like the ability to broaden or narrow the beam.  They're generally all-around handy for those of us with poor vision who need an extra boost of light at times.  They're also great for finding a pet that's hiding from you because it doesn't want it's medicine.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J. B. Dian", "review_date": "on September 20, 2017"}, "Charles P. Mcalpin": {"title": "im shocked", "review": "it is a bright,durable and cheap little light perfect for camping and the like.  i even used as an ice hammer when i forgot to close the lid on my ice chest and the top layer froze solid.  still works btw", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Charles P. Mcalpin", "review_date": "on August 24, 2017"}, "keith owens": {"title": "DONT BUY!!!", "review": "Don't buy these little flashlights. When I got them one of the button on the back of the flashlight doesn't work and this product did not allow returns.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "keith owens", "review_date": "on August 29, 2017"}, "MHSOCAL": {"title": "Don't work", "review": "They don't work.  I bought them for a trip and they don't work.  What a waste of money", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MHSOCAL", "review_date": "on July 28, 2017"}, "George Morales": {"title": "Got both light and was excited about them (from the ...", "review": "Got both light and was excited about them (from the description) one would not hold batteries because the threads were stripped. The other would not zoom/focus light the description stated it could \ud83e\udd26\ud83c\udffb\u200d\u2642\ufe0f Very disappointing to say the least", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "George Morales", "review_date": "on July 26, 2017"}, "Courtney": {"title": "Bright, but eats batteries", "review": "Very bright, I work in a run down steel mill and there are a lot of dark rooms to explore and shop in, but without light it\u2019s impossible.  It comes with two lights, one clips into my hard hat clip and the other is handy in my pocket at all times..z must have for the price", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Courtney", "review_date": "on April 16, 2018"}, "hap": {"title": "Looks identical but much brighter and has 3 modes", "review": "Previously purchased what looks like same item thru Amazon 3rd parties (one each) on Oct 17th from vendors Warm-Mart shop and Lucky Electronics. While they \"look IDENTICAL\" on the outside, the shipment I just received from this vendor was MUCH BRIGHTER and has 3 modes (Bright, Dim, and Flashing). Other reviews mention disappointment in brightness. It is NOT a quality consistency problem, as I ordered 30 and they ALL FUNCTIONED PERFECTLY. As other reviewers warn, there are apparently different versions of what looks to be the same product. I got lucky on this shipment.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "hap", "review_date": "on November 30, 2012"}, "Kian": {"title": "It's a very good flashlight and I couldn't be happier with it", "review": "It's a very good flashlight and I couldn't be happier with it. The older reviews are odd. People claiming that this is a knock-off of an \"Ultrafire\" that has a stamp on the side. I believe that the sellers have changed since then and will continue to change. You can't guarantee where you are getting your flashlight from unless it is shipped and fulfilled from Amazon. The version I got had an adjustable beam with no company names on the side and was extremely bright just with a standard Duracell battery. Turning off all of my backyard lights, the light resembled what could be a spotlight at a distance of 100ft completely lighting up a pitch black forest. I'm curious to order 14500 batteries and see how much brighter it can go.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kian", "review_date": "on July 12, 2014"}, "James R Anderson": {"title": "Surprising!", "review": "The switch button on the end operates easily, but not so easily as to come on when, say, searching for my keys and being dead the next day.I like the single AA battery.I like the compact size. It's bright for its size-and this goes to the one thing I disliked: one photo shows this lite brightly illuminating both sides of a sidewalk. This doesn't quite do that. That overstatement is what gets this 4 stars instead of 5 from me. I got over that quickly. Ounce for ounce, this unit pulls its weight.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James R Anderson", "review_date": "on November 24, 2017"}, "Gene H.": {"title": "Great range for a small package", "review": "We were looking for a decent flashlight for outdoor use - primary in the back yard to spot the pets or other critters.  I took a shot at these since they were on sale. They arrived and we kinda laughed thinking they wouldn't do the job.We were wrong.  Our back yard goes back 80 feet or so.  This thing lights it up in spot mode or the more open mode.  It's great.  I'll be picking up a couple more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gene H.", "review_date": "on April 11, 2018"}, "Suki": {"title": "Good on batteries", "review": "These came in handy during Hurricane Irma. We live in Orlando, we lost power around midnight. These got us through that night. We eventually had to leave our home, No power for 7 days.But these little suckers were Very illuminating, Good on batteries, small but mighty. I bought one for each of my kids. It kept them entertained as the storm passed over us. We were able to play board games & cards games all night with these as our light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Suki", "review_date": "on March 28, 2018"}, "Peter Faden": {"title": "Quality pocket sized flashlight", "review": "This little flashlight is pretty great in my opinion. The picture on the product page....well, that person obviously has a very small hand, but the flashlight is still pretty tiny. It's about three inches from tip to tip. It takes one AA battery. I dont really use the adjustable focus, but a feature I really appreciate is the flashing light setting, achieved by half depressing the button. This is eminently useful when walking across the street when it's dark and there are cars around. A driver cant help but notice you. As far as the actual light output, it is very, very bright. I use this when I leave for work to walk down the stairs and out the driveway. It is obviously also very handy around the house. The only knock on this at all in my opinion is the belt clip. You will need to loosen the bolts, which honestly kind of defeats the purpose. Without doing so, you'll never get it open enough to clip onto anything.Anyway, for the $8 or so this currently runs at, I dont feel like you're gonna find something better.One final note....it's very stout, and you could use it as a weapon in a pinch. The end is set up like a tactical flashlight with rough ridged edges and solid metal.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Peter Faden", "review_date": "on March 26, 2013"}, "Candace Lovett": {"title": "Rip off", "review": "This didn't work at all when I got them and they didn't refund me the price I paid\ud83d\ude43\ud83d\ude10", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Candace Lovett", "review_date": "on July 6, 2017"}, "sh": {"title": "Bright and perfect size", "review": "This set of two flashlights is a great deal. I bought these so I would have one for my purse and an extra around the house. They are super small and compact but brighter than most flashlights. Small and only takes up about as much room as some lip glosses.I love that it only takes one AA to function. These flashlights are great to keep around.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "sh", "review_date": "on May 28, 2017"}, "Dave A": {"title": "Solid construction", "review": "Pros:Great construction. A solid, substantial flashlight, yet it's light, being aluminum.LED, so great with batteries. Regular AA is plenty bright for 90% of the things you would use this for. The Dim setting is good for me when I'm out in the woods camping/partying, and I just turn it on dim and hang it off my belt. It lights the ground around me nicely. Can be used for 50% of the things you would need a flashlight for. The Strobe setting is useless to me.The button is a click on/click off, not a momentary-on, which I prefer. Button seems solid, and it has a feature where you click it on, then if you press lightly, there's a secondary momentary switch that cycles between bright/dim/strobe.The biggest problem I have with this flashlight is that that little momentary switch is activated every time you click the main switch. So instead ofClick on->Bright->Click off->Click on->Bright->Click off...You getClick on->Bright->Click off->Click on->Dim->Click off->Click on->Strobe->Click off->Click on->Bright.Annoying. I'll probably take the button apart to see if I can disable that momentary switch.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dave A", "review_date": "on February 21, 2013"}, "JiaHui Chen": {"title": "the quality is also very good, the light is very bright", "review": "This is a small iron flashlight, it is very convenient to carry, the quality is also very good, the light is very bright, the lamp head part can also adjust the length of the light, and it is two equipment, cheap and affordable, I like it!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JiaHui Chen", "review_date": "on April 7, 2018"}, "jmbillet": {"title": "I really like that you can pin point the light as well", "review": "These are much brighter than I thought they would be. Its a must if you live in back in the woods. They will be used for alot more than taking the pups out at night. I really like that you can pin point the light as well. Makes for trying to seeing certain things much better. What is great about this is I get one and my husband gets one. Great purchase.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jmbillet", "review_date": "on April 8, 2017"}, "Jeff Dreyfous": {"title": "Small, Bright, Durable Flashlight", "review": "I liked these so well that I gave them out as stocking stuffers to out family. They're built well, look nice, are plenty bright and small enough to have on hand or carry wherever you go. If you need a great little, durable flashlight, you can't go wrong with these. Highly recommended for sportsman and women of all activities, kids and folks in general looking for a small, bright, portable flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jeff Dreyfous", "review_date": "on February 11, 2018"}, "reb": {"title": "One Star", "review": "The flashlights were defective when received.  One could not be opened to insert a battery.  Cheap and unreliable.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "reb", "review_date": "on June 25, 2017"}, "Chris": {"title": "Did not meet expectations", "review": "When I bought a $5 \"300lm\" flashlight, I considered that the specs may be a bit exaggerated, but 200lm would still make this flashlight a great deal, 100lm would have made this flashlight a good deal, 50lm would be a disappointment, but then I would have got what I paid for....What I revived was 20lm flashlight (from 10 feet on medium beam, you can look into this flashlight without discomfort) that I had to wait over a month for.  I bought my kids $3 key chain flashlights that are as bright as the one I received.I ordered this item from another vendor, paid .50 cents more and received a ~100lm flashlight (if the 120lm $35 Gander Mountain flashlight is truly 120lm).  The other was a \"good\" deal and not bad for what I paid.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chris", "review_date": "on December 6, 2012"}, "Martoman": {"title": "A Golden Pair of Mini Flashlights - YOU HAVE TO CHECK THESE OUT!!!", "review": "I absolutely LOVE these mini flashlights. They illuminate so much more than one might expect from a device this size and fit cozily in your pocket, in a desk organizer, etc. You never know when you're going to need to light up under your bed, behind a large appliance or the sidewalk out to your garbage cans early in the morning. The monetary trade off is ridiculous with regards to what you get for your hard earned cash. They rest comfortably in the palm of your hand with intuitive motions to light up. Only thing I can't for the life of me figure out is why there's a strobe setting,  but that's just me maybe needing a clue as to a real world application. That said, I am in no way affiliated with this company nor do I foresee any financial compensation for a glowing review. I would have been stoked receiving just one of these flashlights but getting two? i say see for yourself, you won't be disappointed!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Martoman", "review_date": "on April 8, 2018"}, "Johnny S.": {"title": "Great but be Careful of Quality!", "review": "I'd gotten these previously and it was time to get a few more.I was happy with the initial batch but while they're intelligently designed, the quality of the last batch I got wasn't great. 2 of the 4 didn't function properly. Though I will say the price is pretty exceptional.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Johnny S.", "review_date": "on September 17, 2017"}, "Robert": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great product", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert", "review_date": "on August 18, 2017"}, "Justin Fleming": {"title": "Surprisingly Waterproof...", "review": "This is not a paid review. I can honestly say this is the best flashlight for the money. Yes there are brighter, better, and costlier flashlights than this, but it's value/durability/ability is off the charts.True story: 10 mins before I started writing this review, my girlfriend and I hear this terrible noise coming from our dryer. Yeah, that was my flashlight... It went through a complete full load, heavy setting, hot/cold wash cycle and then hit the dryer for a quick jaunt.It's a good light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Justin Fleming", "review_date": "on November 20, 2016"}, "Harbinger of books": {"title": "Great value", "review": "This is a small compact flashlight with a bright light, I have found it to be handy for lots of little things and big ones like flipping the fuse box. The only downside is I hate the strobe light because it hurts my eyes and you have to see the strobe in order to turn the flashlight off. The other downside is the flashlight has a lot of blue.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Harbinger of books", "review_date": "on March 30, 2018"}, "DBK_Cali": {"title": "Super bright little lights that work well.", "review": "Super bright little flashlights. The focus on them is fun, but usually not very necessary. They seem like they can handle a pretty good beating. I carry one on my belt at work as it is compact, lightweight, and it comes in really handy. The only complaint I have is I wish the belt clip was heavier; I snagged it on my bench the other day while I was working and bent it all up. I took off the clip (held on by two small allen screws) and applied some love with a pair of pliers and it works great again. I don't know if anyone else would have this problem and it's easy to fix, so it's not worth taking off a star. I may make a heavier clip for it myself though.Overall, they do what I expect them to do.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DBK_Cali", "review_date": "on March 11, 2017"}, "Nicholas Kisling": {"title": "Better than I was expecting for the price and super ...", "review": "Better than I was expecting for the price and super bright for how tiny they are. If you put a good AA battery in them you will be stoked. I like that the light can focus in on small spaces. Good for exploring tight spaces. I would imagine they would be good in the mechanic industry. I mostly bought them for walking at night so people dont run me over. And for going into tunnels and sewage drains to look for clowns and stuff.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nicholas Kisling", "review_date": "on April 6, 2018"}, "Ronnie945": {"title": "Perfect!", "review": "These guys are perfect. I love their little size. And even though small they provide so much light. I love that I can spotlight or shine a large area. I am very satisfied and would order another one of these packs anytime!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ronnie945", "review_date": "on November 20, 2017"}, "D\u00e4ch": {"title": "Smaller than they look", "review": "They are quite bright and seem to be solidly constructed, but the picture made them seem a bit larger than they really are. They can only hold one AA battery, so if you're expecting the larger kind with the caddy that holds three AAA batteries, you will be a bit disappointed. That said, even as small as they are, the price is very good.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D\u00e4ch", "review_date": "on April 8, 2018"}, "Ronda Reigada": {"title": "Bright little flashlights!!", "review": "Great little flashlights! When we got them, we put the AA batteries in ( 1 per light) and they worked perfectly! When you click the button the light come on bright, click it again, and it's a different brightness, click it a 3rd time, and it strobes! They even have a little clip on it for a belt or a backpack! When you turn the front edge if it, the \"circle\" of light gets larger and smaller... this will be perfect for camping!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ronda Reigada", "review_date": "on April 15, 2017"}, "Robert Wenaas": {"title": "Tough, bright, compact and inexpensive, what more could one want?", "review": "The preformance and quality of these little flashlights is amazing.  I haven't used one long enough to expend the single AA cell but the amount of light they put out from 1.5 volts defies belief.  The color temperature is higher (bluer) than I would like for longer duration use, their small size makes up for that in convenience and their billet aluminum housing is as rugged as more expensive competitors", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert Wenaas", "review_date": "on October 23, 2017"}, "Terry": {"title": "One of mine had a bad switch.", "review": "They aren't bad lights, Really bright, lightly depress the switch and release to change the operating mode, I Just happened to get one with a bad switch, It pops loudly, occasionally doesn't work or won't turn off. The other flashlight is fine. Oh, the fluorescent lines? Those are silicone/rubber bands that glow in the dark.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Terry", "review_date": "on April 5, 2018"}, "KBOWDRUMS": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little flashlights.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KBOWDRUMS", "review_date": "on March 10, 2018"}, "Sandy Chen": {"title": "Amazing!!!!", "review": "I received this light couple days ago. I was actually amazed how bright it is. Blindingly so. Focuses from beam to spot. I'm using it with a 2000 mAh NiMH AA battery. It seems to be made of pretty resilient materials. The strobe mode was an added plus not mentioned in the specs. I plan to use the light as a backup signal device for night walk. I was so impressed, I just ordered 2 more for my family. Highly recommends!!!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sandy Chen", "review_date": "on May 22, 2017"}, "Daniel Collins": {"title": "Don't believe the title", "review": "This is not a 300 lumen light. It is dimmer than my Fenix which is about 115 lumens. Don't buy this unless you know what you're getting.By the way, since the light supports both 1.2V NiMH batteries and 3.7V Li-ion batteries, I was hoping that there was an internal regulator. Well, there certainly is, but it isn't very effective. I used two batteries: a 2600 mAh 1.2V AA and a 900 mAh 3.7V 14500. If you do the math, you find that those batteries can deliver about equal power. But, the AA battery makes the light significantly dimmer. That means that the regulator isn't doing its job - if the flashlight was truly designed for both battery types, the regulator would drive the LED at the same voltage regardless of battery type. What happened here is probably that the light was designed for a Li-ion 14500 and someone noticed that it happens to work with an AA as well. The quality is NOT the same, and if there really is a CREE LED in here, it isn't being driven to its full potential.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Daniel Collins", "review_date": "on December 27, 2012"}, "Josh Hollingsworth": {"title": "Dangerous", "review": "One worked fine but the other heated up to an unsafe temperature, hot enough we removed the battery and disposed of it. If we had left it much longer it could have been seriously bad news.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Josh Hollingsworth", "review_date": "on August 14, 2017"}, "Mars24": {"title": "Great EDC light", "review": "These were purchased as gifts.  Both recipients are very happy with the lights.  These are being used as Every Day Carry (EDC) tools.  These have been in daily carry/use for three months with no complaints.  Very bright, work great, good battery life and a variable beam at a great price....what is not to like?Remember...it is not a Streamlight, SureFire, Fenix, etc....but it works, and it's 5$.  Worth every penny!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mars24", "review_date": "on March 9, 2017"}, "Mar Quise": {"title": "Good but TINY", "review": "These are extremely tiny, they fit in the palm of my tiny lady hands but they are powerful and work great....I just want people to know because the picture can be deceiving.  I would still recommend these as I use them alot.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mar Quise", "review_date": "on October 3, 2017"}, "Rosalie": {"title": "The others are fine, but disappointing to have one be defective", "review": "One of the four flashlights doesn't work.  The others are fine, but disappointing to have one be defective.  Actually,a second one has stopped working.  I am going to see if I can contact the seller.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rosalie", "review_date": "on September 4, 2017"}, "the eliminator": {"title": "These are great little flashlights for the price", "review": "Nice sized, bright flashlights. They have 3 settings - bright, dim and strobe, and you can adjust the lens so it either floods or is very narrow. You really can't beat them for the price, and the form factor is great for throwing one in a drawer, one in your truck, etc.Also running on only 1 AA battery is nice! Battery is not included though.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "the eliminator", "review_date": "on September 22, 2017"}, "RimRock": {"title": "Good could be better", "review": "So far these seem like good solid lights I would compare them to the \"csi\" nebo lights the only thing I would like better is if you could make then only bright mode and not have to cycle the switch 3 times through dim and strobe to get to bright again", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "RimRock", "review_date": "on May 22, 2017"}, "Chip Johnson": {"title": "Faulty, low quality", "review": "Price is too good to be true. Don\u2019t expect them to last. One of mine just died and the other only flashes?!?! It\u2019s been 2 months so I can\u2019t return. Not happy! Good luck!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chip Johnson", "review_date": "on February 17, 2018"}, "Crazy Cattle Dog Lady": {"title": "Perfect size for dusk dog walking", "review": "I bought these in lightening deal not entirely realizing the compact size (my husband is a flashlight fanatic). Wow, was I ever excited to open these up and realizing they fit into my dog walking bag. It's also a nice compact size to stash in my center console. Needless to say, hubby hasn't gotten one finger on these flashlights. These are mine, all mine.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Crazy Cattle Dog Lady", "review_date": "on July 13, 2017"}, "BiPolar Bear": {"title": "The best thing I've ever purchased for $5, hands down.", "review": "It was a love at first sight. Perfect pocket size, incredible design (military style), very durable (I dropped it many times and it still works), and very bright. I love the modes (full power, dimmed, and the strobe). Never seen a flashlight before with this type of adjustable focus (by \"stretching\" the flashlight), which I liked, too. It's been working on a single AA battery flawlessly for 3 months now (I use it for about 10 minutes a day, everyday). It's also very functional - I use it (actually two of them) for a night bicycle riding. I mounted them on the handlebar using rubber brackets (also available on Amazon for a few bucks) and it feels like I have two powerful headlights. The only minor thing that I would change about this flashlight is the mode sequence. If you are using a dimmed mode and you turn off the flashlight, and then you turn it on again, it goes to the next preset setting, which is a strobe light. I wish it stayed on dimmed. It's still my favorite flashlight, though. It beats many of my $40-$50 flashlights.I was also considering the Ultrafire 1000 Lumen Cree 501b T6 LED Flashlight Torch (similar design) for only $5 more, but they come without the batteries. I did some research and found out that a decent charger with reliable batteries cost around $50. It would be probably to big to carry it in my pocket anyway, so I'm going to stick with this perfect little thing.Even if it stops working tomorrow, I'm still going to give it five stars and order a new one. Even if it means ordering a new one every three months. Still worth every penny.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BiPolar Bear", "review_date": "on May 16, 2013"}, "Joe": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Works great", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Joe", "review_date": "on September 17, 2015"}, "HMSSMS": {"title": "Arrived fast and in perfect condition. Using 2 in motorhome for camping and ...", "review": "Arrived fast and in perfect condition.  Using 2 in motorhome for camping and 2 for home.  Tried one out at it has a very bright light for its size.  Am going to love carrying a smaller, lighter flashlight around.  Has a clip to hang on belt or purse.  Thanks for a great product.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "HMSSMS", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "An Informed Buyer": {"title": "Wobbly when stands up on its own", "review": "The power button on mine protrudes a little too far out of the end, making it hard for the flash to stand on its own on the floor/desk. I own a couple of similar looking flashlights that don't have this problem. I don't know who made that produding button, SODIAL brand or the seller HFHF INC.Other than that, the flash works fine.  It uses the same Cree LED and aluminum shell as all of the other brands.  The flash is very bright initially, but loses much of the luminance after about half an hour of usage.  After about an hour, it gets really warm to the touch, and the light is barely visible.  If I let it run all the way, then the flash would blink, indicating that the battery is out. Note that I use rechargeable NIMH AA battery.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "An Informed Buyer", "review_date": "on January 21, 2014"}, "Alexander Cable": {"title": "It isn't very bright but it's small and will easily fit in a pocket", "review": "It isn't very bright but it's small and will easily fit in a pocket. If you use and loose flash lights a lot these are perfect.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Alexander Cable", "review_date": "on April 17, 2018"}, "Meghan": {"title": "like they like to do", "review": "I needed two mini flashlights to keeps by my kids' bedside ... these work perfectly.  They are the right brightness for using when you need to get up out of bed in a dark room -- not blinding, but fully illuminates what you shine it on.  Actually brightened the whole room.  Not blinding when kids shine it at each other, like they like to do!  Great product for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Meghan", "review_date": "on May 23, 2017"}, "A. Brubaker": {"title": "These flashlights are AWESOME!!", "review": "These flashlights are AWESOME!!! They are very compact and do the job they need to do. They are great for around the house. Keep one in the car in case you break down. They have that neat flashing feature to warn other motorists. Take one with you while you are out walking or while you are out with your pets. The little pocket clip is a bonus. I think for the money and the size, this is the best flashlight I've ever bought.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A. Brubaker", "review_date": "on January 6, 2018"}, "Harris": {"title": "These flashlights are so valuable and they are very easy to carry", "review": "These flashlights are so valuable and they are very easy to carry, also they are very bright, i think i spent 10 dollars very worthy that hard to find another place!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Harris", "review_date": "on March 17, 2018"}, "amber pafford": {"title": "Super bright and light weight", "review": "These flashlights are the most recent addition to my emergency/camping equipment. They are super bright and only require one battery. You can use them as a spotlight or wide light which is convenient. I love how light weight they are and they have a clip that allows you to keep them on your belt, hat, or backpack and in easy reach. I will be purchasing more!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "amber pafford", "review_date": "on May 1, 2017"}, "Kami Christian": {"title": "Rockbirds LED Flashlight", "review": "Bought these little Led flashlights for my grandsons. I don't know why but all my grandkids love flashlights I can't ever have too many.This is the type of flashlight that they can just slip into their pocket without feeling bulky and heavy.Great product for the price. Only downside is that I didn't think they were very bright, but the boys love them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kami Christian", "review_date": "on May 23, 2017"}, "Josquin DesPrez": {"title": "Uses focused beam rather than bright LEDs", "review": "These RockBirds 7W LED Mini Tactical flashlights are not that bright (but many LEDs flashlights are really too bright for most uses). They use a lens to give a highly focused beam, which isn't very good for just walking around. I like that they don't need special batteries, just AAs", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Josquin DesPrez", "review_date": "on January 10, 2018"}, "Julio Caezar": {"title": "Don't Think, Perfect High Quality Carry Ons", "review": "Bright as can be. Best survival kit addition. You should buy two of these sets. One for your back pack, one for you car, one for your apartment, and one for your travel bag. Seriously a great flashlight to carry along with you, everywhere. Very bright, focused and wide light adjustments, and durable!Buy buy buy! Ok Bye", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Julio Caezar", "review_date": "on August 1, 2017"}, "Jonathan Tilley": {"title": "Amazingly bright flashlight", "review": "These little flashlights outshine some of the bigger flashlights I've taken with me on camping trips.  I also really like the strobe feature, if I ever became lost in the woods, this would come in handy for flagging down assistance.  The flashlight also has a clip on it, which makes it very convenient for attaching to my waist or my backpack.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jonathan Tilley", "review_date": "on May 23, 2017"}, "Tracey C": {"title": "Very bright and tough", "review": "These give amazing light and are very sturdy. A bit heavy for a compact light, but the clip makes it easy to carry. I ordered them for our hurricane supply kit after Irma hit us. We've used them several times and were so pleased that I got them  for my brother too.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tracey C", "review_date": "on February 18, 2018"}, "Vladimir Vinokurov": {"title": "Good working flashlights.", "review": "I used this type of flashlights before (they are rather generic), and these also perform as well or better than many brand name units. One thing to make sure is to tighten the clip screws using thread locker, as those screws tend to get loose over time and my get lost rendering the clip useless.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Vladimir Vinokurov", "review_date": "on October 24, 2017"}, "Alex": {"title": "Perfect size Flashlight for small spaces", "review": "Definitely a fan of these flashlights, they are small but very bright. Really good quality and the clip on them is perfect for outdoor activities when not in use. The perfect size to keep in a convenient place, I put one in my glove compartment and another in my first aid kit. Definitely recommend these as you get an excellent product for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Alex", "review_date": "on April 3, 2017"}, "Runya": {"title": "Awesome flashlights, small and portable.", "review": "Really cool little flashlights. These are fairly small and light but they are also very sturdy. They do not feel cheap or weak in any way. Really nice quality, well made. I like that they are small, makes them super portable. I also like the adjustable focus feature, could come in handy. I definitely like these and can surely recommend this product.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Runya", "review_date": "on March 26, 2017"}, "Christine": {"title": "Great compact flashlights", "review": "I used these flashlights at night when I take my dog out. They are very bright and work great. They are so small they fit in your pocket! I actually keep one on the leash at night. You can tell it's made of great quality! I can't believe 2 were only $10, it's an amazing value. You need these if you go outside in the dark at all!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Christine", "review_date": "on May 29, 2017"}, "Jessica": {"title": "Bright and well made", "review": "These little flash lights are so useful! I love the fact they are small enough to fit in my handbag, glove box or clip on my pocket. I was not expecting the light to be so bright, they are actually brighter than a bigger much more expensive flashlight my husband keeps in the garage. I will be purchasing a second set to keep in our camper!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jessica", "review_date": "on April 19, 2017"}, "Chris C": {"title": "Great little flashlights that put out Great light", "review": "Great little flashlights that put out Great light. I recently started with a volunteer Fire Department and was looking for tools to fill my pockets with. Flashlights are one of those key tools. This little flashlight is simple to use and even with it being so small and with wearing gloves, it is easy to turn on and off. Definitely worth the buy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chris C", "review_date": "on March 17, 2017"}, "S. E. Jelliff": {"title": "Sturdy little lights", "review": "These are sturdy little flashlights that we plan to use in our kayaks in case we need a light. They are a lot sturdier than I would have thought for the price, and they have the flashing lights that would be of use if we find ourselves stranded out at night.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "S. E. Jelliff", "review_date": "on April 11, 2018"}, "~*~Tracy~*~": {"title": "great flashlight(s)", "review": "great flashlight, and whats even better is that they come in a pair!!  and a great size, they easily fit in your pocket or sporting vest.  Click the on/off button 1/2 way and you get the strobe effect.  Strobe effect is great for walking at night making yourself more visible to cars, or also great for self defense if needed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "~*~Tracy~*~", "review_date": "on June 5, 2017"}, "Akisha B.": {"title": "Will definitely come in handy", "review": "Don't be fooled by the size of these flashlights. They might be mini, but they give off so much light. These two flashlights are so convenient and handy. The fact that they are small, they can fit anywhere (glove department, purse, pocket- there's even a clip that you can attach to your pocket). Will be a great addition to a survival kit.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Akisha B.", "review_date": "on April 3, 2017"}, "Nicole W.": {"title": "It's little but mighty", "review": "Great little flashlight. At first glancethey look so little you wonder how much light they give. These little things give you just as much light as a full size flashlight but with the clip they fit anywhere!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nicole W.", "review_date": "on April 12, 2017"}, "CJ": {"title": "Bought before hurricane Irma. Wanted led flashlights. Small ...", "review": "Bought before hurricane Irma. Wanted led flashlights.  Small enough to fit in pocket.  They were exactly what we needed , as our power was off several days.Don't overlook this pair of mini flashlights. They do the job.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CJ", "review_date": "on September 13, 2017"}, "shadowphx": {"title": "Dependable light", "review": "Very small and very bright. These fit easy into any pocket yet they are bright. They make a good every day carry light. Pair it with amazon rechargeable battery and you are ready to go.  The clip is sturdy and easy to clip onto the pocket.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "shadowphx", "review_date": "on April 14, 2018"}, "SOR": {"title": "Nice small and handy flashlights", "review": "Nice small and handy flashlights.  I kept one myself (always in my pocket), gave one to my wife and one to my grown-up son, and am keeping one in my car. Will be handy during very likely upcoming (now as the temperature has hit 100F) power outage and soon approaching Fall season's power outages.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "SOR", "review_date": "on September 1, 2017"}, "hieuman": {"title": "Best bang for your [3] bucks", "review": "I bought this light for less than a Lincoln. It came from China [and it definitely took its time, probably went the scenic route] and I was pleasantly surprised when I finally came after a couple of months.But it's worth the wait. It's bright and the beam is highly adjustable. from a nice wide with a relatively sharp falloff to a narrow beam in which you can see the actual LED cell [looks sorta like a battery meter]. It's body also very well built and feels way too robust for the few piddly dollars it cost me. Looks and feels like it milled from a block of aluminum.The clip is super tight and the pull mechanism for focusing the beam does feel a touch flimsy, but I'm just nitpicking at this point. Excellent light, this is.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "hieuman", "review_date": "on July 10, 2013"}, "CDL": {"title": "Bright, cheap but its a $3 flashlight after all..", "review": "For $3.50 including shipping, what do you expect?  It is bright, but not dimmable.  It can be focused, but there is no way to hold the focus so it just slides around.  I wrapped rubber bands around mine.  Great x-mas stocking stuffer.Oh, its bright, but not 300 lumens.  Its a single AA battery after all.Update:  I read a few more reviews and there was a lot of talk about being able to dim these lights by a half press on the button like most flashlights.I tried it on the 2 that I have and they definitely do not dim.  Maybe the latest batch do?  Once again, its cheap and bright, but dont expect too many features from a $3.50 flashlight.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CDL", "review_date": "on November 26, 2013"}, "Jerry": {"title": "Total Garbage!", "review": "These flashlights are junk. They are supposed to work on either AA or Rechargeable 3.6V batteries. If you put the AA battery in there is very dim light. No better than a pen light you can pick up anywhere. If you put in the rechargeable battery, the flashlight only works for 10 minutes, gets hot and quits. I bought the first 3 lights from EggDeal. It took 5 weeks to receive them, and they looked like a quality product. So, I went back to the same location and ordered 5 more, for gifts. In addition I ordered rechargeable batteries and a charger. The 5 I received this time (Tosol 8888) were garbage. No names on the sides, poor paint jobs, dirty lenses and rough machining. The rechargeable batteries wouldn't work in these lights either, and they were even dimmer on AA's than the first batch.Now I' m stuck for the $25 I spent for batteries and a charger, as well as $30 I spent for these lights. Guess I should have heeded the other one star reviews.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jerry", "review_date": "on November 14, 2013"}, "Danielle": {"title": "Easily a $30 flashlight.", "review": "I got one a couple of weeks ago and used it a couple times. Seems solid. Listed as 300 lumens, and you better believe it. That's about as bright as the D cell Mag lights, and I have one, and it is about as bright. The adjustable beam is great, I can set it and change one handed, and BOY the spot really reaches out there and the wide beam covers a huge area up close!It says waterproof but I haven't had the chance to test that feature yet.It seems rock solid, and with 3 functions, bright, dim, and strobe. I could not be MORE pleased with any small flashlight at any price. This thing really seems to fit the bill, and I see many more of them in my future. I want one within reach all over my house.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Danielle", "review_date": "on May 1, 2013"}, "Jillian E.": {"title": "Handy little flashlights", "review": "I wasn't expecting much out of these and bought them as a quick fix for a camping trip, but I ended up loving them and I'll use them for more than camping! It's great that they only take one AA battery and the light is still quite bright. The clip  is handy, and they feel much more durable than I was expecting.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jillian E.", "review_date": "on September 6, 2017"}, "Richard S.": {"title": "NOT 300 LUMENS", "review": "Overall it is well built for the price however the max output is probably not even 150 lumens. To call this 300 lumens is such false advertisement. It is bright enough to do the job and AA batteries are easy to find and they are cheap enough to loose or keep around.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard S.", "review_date": "on April 3, 2018"}, "D. K.": {"title": "Solid feel.", "review": "These lights have a nice, solid feel to them.  I like'em. I have not used them much so I can't comment on the operational quality.  All too often, cheap flashlights tend to start having problems with the on/off buttons or you have to smack them to get the light to turn on.  We'll see how these hold up.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D. K.", "review_date": "on September 2, 2017"}, "Ryan Reilly": {"title": "these are working great. I've had them for a few months and ...", "review": "So far, these are working great.  I've had them for a few months and they've been on a few camping trips.  I like this size flashlight because they are easy to give to the kids and have them put them in their pockets.  Big flashlights get set down, and forgotten.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ryan Reilly", "review_date": "on November 23, 2017"}, "MW": {"title": "Cute and bright flashlight", "review": "It\u2019s tiny cute flashlight.  As of luminous flux , this little flashlight generates amazing light intensity that can be light up a spot 50 yards, even 100 yards away. There are two light modes, the continuous one and the twinkling one.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MW", "review_date": "on April 6, 2018"}, "BrianSalvi": {"title": "Great lights! Extremely bright", "review": "Great lights!  Extremely bright.  The cost makes these quite the bargain.  I placed one in each of my cars.  I plan on buying more to put in my squad car for an emergency, and to carry while I am on duty.  By far the brightest light I have ever owned for the size.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BrianSalvi", "review_date": "on October 16, 2017"}, "Derek": {"title": "Zoom feature is great!", "review": "I own several smaller Cree LED flashlights and I'm very impressed by the performance for the size. This is a step up from the smaller lights and puts out some serious light. Brightest flashlight I've ever owned. Zoom feature is great!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Derek", "review_date": "on March 21, 2018"}, "KC": {"title": "Great product", "review": "Shipment is very fast and on time.  The price is right.  Love the product and it works as expected.  Thanks.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KC", "review_date": "on December 15, 2012"}, "Vicki Church": {"title": "Flashlights are ok better than I expected can't really beat 2 flashlights for ...", "review": "Flashlights are ok better than I expected can't really beat 2 flashlights for the price only had for a few days but so far so good.2nd review haven't had the flash lights longs and starting to not work thought was good first 2 weeks then work half the time", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Vicki Church", "review_date": "on September 1, 2017"}, "debra": {"title": "I am really pleased with this product", "review": "I am really pleased with this product. They are lightweight and compact. They'll easily fit in my purse or even a pocket. The quality is great too,  they're really bright and easy to operate. All in all, I'm very happy with them. They also arrived quickly and were packaged securely. I'd absolutely order again.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "debra", "review_date": "on April 21, 2017"}, "DougVL": {"title": "Outstanding!", "review": "This light is just as good as a 70 lumen Coleman that I got for twenty bux on closeout from wallyworld mart.  The Coleman is bigger and uses 3 AAA cells instead of one AA, and focuses the beam with a rotating collar instead of a push-pull sliding one.  The Coleman's light is rather bluish and the light from this Sodial is much more pleasant.  The only thing about it that doesn't beat the Coleman is the size of the lighted area at the widest beam setting.  The Sodial is smaller, lighter, just as bright, a bit easier to adjust the beam, has a clip and is a quarter of the price.  And it has bright, dim and flashing settings which you switch by pushing the button halfway.Overall - - Excellent.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DougVL", "review_date": "on January 10, 2013"}, "DMSAmazon Customer": {"title": "I liked these. I didn't realize two came in the ...", "review": "I liked these. I didn't realize two came in the package so I was pleasantly surprised. They are extremely bright (which my toddler loves, she uses them to shine on the ceiling during the day). And they only require one AA battery, which is better than some since I don't always have larger batteries on hand.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DMSAmazon Customer", "review_date": "on April 10, 2017"}, "David G.": {"title": "Decent for the price", "review": "These lights are bright. I bought two of them and they are quite bright for only running on a single AA battery. I know that if you purchase a more expensive type of battery that is the same size as a AA (I can't recall the name) that this will supposedly be brighter, but I have 20+ AAs lying around so that is what I used. The build quality feels pretty good, the only part that concerns me is the on/off button that feels a little cheap, and will probably be the first part that breaks. Probably about twice as bright (as well as a more defined beam) as one of the 8 LED 3xAAA lights you can get in the checkout aisle of Ace. More compact as well in terms of diameter. For ~5 bucks, these are quite nice. I plan on putting one in each vehicle to use in case of emergency, etc.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David G.", "review_date": "on April 29, 2013"}, "james": {"title": "Wow...5 bucks and quality materials", "review": "For the price and quality of materials it appears to be a winner.  I have purchased 6 of these so far and all are functioning and work great.  Three modes of operation (high, low, and strobe) functions by tapping the rear button.  The ability to focus beam is really nice.  I have seen this same light re-branded for 4-5X more at various tacticool sites but this is same unit.  Only funny aspect of this light is when you get the focal length just right you can actually see the LED die and junction projected on the wall.  The delivery of this was before stated time but still it takes like 3 weeks to come from Hong Kong.  I think I was quoted 2 months on delivery but it came well before stated time.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "james", "review_date": "on January 26, 2013"}, "Ryan Shi": {"title": "good quality, bright enough", "review": "small in size, good quality, bright enough. The reason I purchased this is because the hook that coming with it. Before this, I lost many of the flashlight. Love the hooks, no need to worry that I gonna lost it again.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ryan Shi", "review_date": "on April 3, 2018"}, "DM467": {"title": "Very decent.", "review": "Only out of the box, no prolonged use. Its bright enought for an inmediate area search light but won't light up a room. For the price you pay for two, rates 4 stars. If it holds up longer than 2 months it'll be a five star item.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DM467", "review_date": "on November 16, 2016"}, "Ivan's girl": {"title": "meh", "review": "They are okay, but not very bright if only using regular batteries.  Don't get these unless you want to invest in the extra powerful battery/charger.  This doesn't put out nearly the light that the duracell 350 puts out with 4 aaa batteries(I use rechargables)", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ivan's girl", "review_date": "on September 14, 2017"}, "L. Marchesani": {"title": "Very Solid, Very Small and Very Bright", "review": "This small flashlight puts all my other ones to shame.  I used a regular AA battery, but will get a brighter lithium battery later.  I bought five and didn't get enough. It's hard to believe the high quality for the rather small price.  My husband gave it kudos, too.  Friends and family will get one of these as a Christmas stocking gift.  So, I'll need a few more soon.It took a minute to find the opening for the battery on the top.  It's a small item, so it's easy to overlook.The flashlight is shipped from Hong Kong, if you want one, plan on as long as two weeks to receive them.  Mine took about a week and a half.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "L. Marchesani", "review_date": "on August 20, 2013"}, "Jenna Buckman": {"title": "I am very happy with how well these lights have worked", "review": "These flash lights are small but they put off so much light. I bought these for my family and I to take to the beach and use them to go crab hunting. I am very happy with how well these lights have worked.Great quality and compact which makes it easier to take anywhere or carry in purse.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jenna Buckman", "review_date": "on May 26, 2017"}, "Pablo Caballero": {"title": "A very good product", "review": "Incredible product for 9.99. I have rechargeable batteries and bought these because of hurricane Irma but the power save mode is much appreciated. It is very bright and the ability to focus the light if you need too is very helpful too. They are a little small (pocket sized) but they are quite strong. Like I said, incredible product for 9.99 ($5 each flashlight)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Pablo Caballero", "review_date": "on September 8, 2017"}, "Cthulhu Jones": {"title": "Cheap, Bright, and Small", "review": "You get way more than you pay for (at least as far as the pricey world of flashlights go) with this light. If there are any flaws it is in the switch, which isn't able to turned on without clicking it all the way on. Some other lights can be turned on with a half-press of the switch, but not this one. The click of the switch is also relatively loud, which makes it a poor fit for stealthy needs. But at it's price and size, it's a perfect light to stick in a everyday carry backpack or in a car or something along that line. I wouldn't recommend it for survival, law enforcement, or any other critical task but for everything else it's perfect.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cthulhu Jones", "review_date": "on August 11, 2013"}, "amat92": {"title": "They worked well and I loved the clip", "review": "Bought these to keep on us during hurricane Irma. They worked well and I loved the clip. Made it a bit harder to lose track of.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "amat92", "review_date": "on November 27, 2017"}, "Sabine A.": {"title": "One of the two flashlights works, one doesn't.", "review": "One of the two works fine, the other one does not work at all. It doesn't click, it seems all empty inside the orange ball, where it is supposed to click on and off. Cheap stuff, not worth to send back.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sabine A.", "review_date": "on April 3, 2018"}, "A. Moore": {"title": "Incredlibly great deal, if it works", "review": "So far I am incredibly impressed.  For the prize, size, and battery source this light is truly incredible.  I can honestly say this light is just as good or better than my old 3D Mag Light (not the newer models).  With it only needing one aa battery this is truly an awesome addition to a bag or truck.  I have had some lithium battery powered lights this same size that are on par with this light.  I might be returning in a few weeks down grading this to a one after it dies without cause, but tonight I am truly impressed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A. Moore", "review_date": "on November 18, 2014"}, "Kathy w": {"title": "Powerful little handheld flashlights and extremely useful to have", "review": "Powerful little handheld flashlights and extremely useful to have! They come in handy and I have them in several rooms, my car and tucked away where I would need them inthe dark. Easy to carry, they are unobtrusive so make it very easy to stash them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kathy w", "review_date": "on October 2, 2017"}, "Brett Wilson": {"title": "Small, cheap flashlights but thats what we paid for, right?", "review": "Super cheap. These are kind of our tiny emergency flashlights so I wasn't expecting a big sturdy flashlight. These are barely bigger than chapstick and are not that easy to put batteries in. They work but I wouldn't buy again.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Brett Wilson", "review_date": "on January 14, 2018"}, "circuitbored": {"title": "Solid little light.", "review": "Bright, well built, handy little flashlights.  Easy to carry in one's pocket.  Like that they only need a single AA battery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "circuitbored", "review_date": "on August 24, 2017"}, "James Stallman": {"title": "I really like these little flashlights", "review": "I really like these little flashlights.\u00a0 They are perfect for keeping in your purse. They also can easily hook onto your waistband. This is what I carry for convenience and safety since they are such a compact size. Gave one to my teenage daughter too. The price is great for two", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James Stallman", "review_date": "on May 28, 2017"}, "G. Chock": {"title": "Surprisingly great flashlight", "review": "I wasn't sure what to expect from this low cost flashlight but it is fantastic.  It uses a single AA battery which I use a rechargeable for so I can just use the same one over and over without buying more.  It has 3 modes, solid bright, solid dim and quick flashing.  The crenelated end cap is great for self defense if needed.  It is light weight and compact.  I will probably buy a bunch of these now that I know how great they are.  The lens on the end is also easily removed and can be used as an emergency solar fire starter if needed of if you have some steel wool you can use the battery to start a fire as well.  Multiple uses in something is always a good thing!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "G. Chock", "review_date": "on December 27, 2012"}, "Aaron": {"title": "Decent Flashlight", "review": "This flashlight is cheap and is actually bright. Its great for around the house or in your car and you just can't beat the price.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Aaron", "review_date": "on December 27, 2013"}, "Lauren Naturals": {"title": "very bright led flashlights", "review": "Very bright flashlight. I like the LED glow vs the regular lens. Item come packed well in a box. Very good quality. Metal casing that can stand up to wear and tear. I plan on using these lights for emergency and also when we go camping. It is nice that there is a place to put a clip or lanyard.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lauren Naturals", "review_date": "on March 14, 2017"}, "S. Kim": {"title": "Honestly...this is the greatest flashlight....EVER.", "review": "Oh man...I got this to put on a mount on my 12 guage shotgun for home defense.  But it's so light and yet so durable and it's got a great orange power button (orange is my favorite color!) that it's hard to put it down.  In fact, I like it so much I ordered three more (two more for me to use in my car and in the house) and also another one for my brother who is a flashlight snob like me.  This has got to be one of the best investments of all time.  The shine from this is both intense and large so it really lights up an area clearly and lights up a fairly big circumference for area/space.Go get one!  You'll know how awesome this little bugger is!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "S. Kim", "review_date": "on January 17, 2013"}, "christyNsebastian": {"title": "great, small and so bright", "review": "Tell you the truth... i bought them for my mother in law who was always complaining about not having flashlight when ahe loses power in the house and ahe bothered me to borrow mine. Now since I got her these flashlights she doesnt even use them and keep bugging me for flashlights... guess what i took flashlights back for myself and borrow her the ones i bought her... great , small and so bright... ask my mother in law!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "christyNsebastian", "review_date": "on March 9, 2017"}, "Road Scholar": {"title": "For the price, a good buy.", "review": "Pretty darn good for the price. Clip is stout. No batteries included, but it's a single AAA, and puts out enough light to see well. Had to figure out which end to unscrew as the machining was in good tolerances. That was fun. Glad there were two. For the price, can't beat it.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Road Scholar", "review_date": "on May 5, 2017"}, "Smd11873": {"title": "Based on Light usage and short period of ownership", "review": "I got this on sale for under $5 dollars and it feels and works like its worth every penny so far. Beam is strong and easily adjustable via the sliding (no turning) head/lens. Over time I will see if this wears out and starts to become an issue by moving freely or being to loose. Outside is all medal construction and feels durable. Modes are on, low, and pulse/flicker. Orange rubber switch with light touch/push to change modes. Even at the current price if you need a small flashlight with 200 to 300 lumen output this appears to be a good choice. If you order dont be in a rush for it. Shipping is long because its coming from china or somewhere in asia.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Smd11873", "review_date": "on March 19, 2013"}, "Jeff": {"title": "Should I know there are alternatives..", "review": "Have it for 6 months now, at least it's still working. I leave it in the garage so that it comes in handy whenever I need to find something in the garage. I use regular AA battery and works just fine. I have since replaces the battery 3 times, which is expected and acceptable. I have no compliant for its function, but for the price that I paid (~$10) I think there are other sites/places that occasionally sale more powerful and function units for the same price or less.I have since brought 2 more 900lm units and 1 more 500lm headlamp unit from other place and loving them. The two 900lm units use Lithium-ion rechargeable battery that makes me more comfortable to leave them in my car to make sure I will have the power when I need it. I recommend potential buyer chose their product base on their intended usage or you will end up with whole punch of junks in your house. I rate it 2 star since it's still working but the price/value point isn't as I expected.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jeff", "review_date": "on May 9, 2013"}, "Rich S": {"title": "Small and bright,  good handy personal light.", "review": "These are great little lights, small, cheap, and bright.  What more can I ask for... ?  Well, I could ask for a switch that always comes on in bright mode instead of the next mode from when you used it last, very annoying,  But overall, a handy little light to drop in your pocket.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rich S", "review_date": "on May 22, 2017"}, "William Vuzzo": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These are great for work. Get the upgraded batteries", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "William Vuzzo", "review_date": "on March 18, 2018"}, "Harvey Sherman": {"title": "All of them are working great. Bought some from another company in colors", "review": "All of them are working great. Bought some from another company in colors, and a few had problems, so they are not prefect, but for the price, amazing even if one out of 10 does not work.Seem to use up batteries a bit faster, but with only one battery at a time, seems to be OK or on par with other flashlights on battery use.Have 10 now, all over house, use them all the time, fantastic.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Harvey Sherman", "review_date": "on January 3, 2017"}, "Sam": {"title": "WORST PRODUCT and CUSTOMER SERVICE", "review": "Unable to open battery cap of flashlights. Contacted supplier, still no response. Worst Product & Service.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sam", "review_date": "on October 22, 2017"}, "A. Collins": {"title": "Good value", "review": "Nice, bright little flashlight for the money. I bought a couple to have on hand for power outages and I think these will be just what I need (although I have larger, camping lantern style lights if I need to light a bigger area).", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A. Collins", "review_date": "on September 25, 2017"}, "Cris0911": {"title": "Great flashlights for the price.", "review": "I loved these Rockbird flashlights. I already have these flashlights for over a year, and they still work wonderfully. I lived in Florida and they came in handy when we got hit with hurricane Irma.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cris0911", "review_date": "on February 6, 2018"}, "Jerms": {"title": "Great light", "review": "Pretty bright for a small AA light. Works well and is a good light to keep in your backpack or in your car. Put a drop of oil on the battery cap screw in and the main lamp adjustment and it will work like a $25+ light. It has good o-ring sealing in the rear battery compartment.Although not listed, both of my lights came with a fast strobe mode (happens when I depress and hold the on button to turn it on). That was a pleasant surprise but I'm not sure if all of them have it.If you are looking for a good and reliable light, look no further. Buy 2 since it takes about 2 weeks to get here and you'll want more than one since it's so handy and useful.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jerms", "review_date": "on May 2, 2013"}, "svkru": {"title": "So much light from such a tiny flashlight", "review": "Very happy with my purchase! They are tiny metalmagic flashlights as they illuminate so much light!!!Perfect feeling in your hand and great for kids as well! Three modes: bright light, refular light and strobing ligh.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "svkru", "review_date": "on September 9, 2017"}, "PRT": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "GREAt, compact flashlight. Nice quality", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "PRT", "review_date": "on March 13, 2018"}, "TechNuT": {"title": "I love these flashlights", "review": "I love these flashlights! They are super bright, you can adjust the beam, and it even has a clip so you can put it anywhere. Very well made. I feel like I can throw it into a wall and it would still work.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "TechNuT", "review_date": "on September 28, 2016"}, "KyleStyle": {"title": "Great self defense tool!  Very bright!", "review": "I keep this tool grasped in my fist when walking through dark parking lots in downtown Atlanta and feel much safer.Even during the day the beam from this light will temporary blind you.  The edge on the front is enough to hurt someone if used correctly.For those of you who actually use it as a flash light, it is nice for that too.  The front telescopes in and out to adjust the focus of the beam, and the clip works good for belt or vest (I also wore this on my vest in Afghanistan).As I'm writing this review I am buy 2 more, one for each vehicle.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KyleStyle", "review_date": "on August 22, 2013"}, "Atlanta Jake": {"title": "Multi purpose in a compact format", "review": "Got these two flashlights on sale and well worth the price. Like the small compact size with a lot of light emanating from the bulbs. Great feature of bright, less bright, and a flasher. One is next to the bed, the other in the car for those emergencies. Also, like the ability to focus the beam when necessary. This is the kind of thing that you don't need until you get it. Highly recommend.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Atlanta Jake", "review_date": "on April 7, 2018"}, "PHOENIX IKKI": {"title": "Great light and tough material for the price", "review": "For the price I paid I expected to be no so tough, but they have lasted so far, and the light they provide is very bright, my only complain one of them had a defective switch, but was an easy task to tear it apart and fix it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "PHOENIX IKKI", "review_date": "on September 24, 2017"}, "Josh Pennay": {"title": "Small but very handy ;)", "review": "Great light use it for work. Super bright and you can adjust if you want the beam to be narrow and bright or have it cover more ground but not as bright. I've used one for a couple hours and still have not needed to replace the battery so that's super nice.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Josh Pennay", "review_date": "on May 7, 2017"}, "deezTx": {"title": "Well worth the money ...", "review": "it's not the lumens it says it is, I am not sure if I like the zoom in and out option to make the light broad or pinpoint, on the extreme pinpoint setting, you can actually the reflection of the LED bulb ... but for the price, I am not complaining, pretty darn bright and solid metal design along with compact size ... great for emergency spots like car, tool box, fishing, hunting, power outage, camping, etc... do not use this for tactical / law enforcement or military... I guess you could but I would not trust it to work in all conditions such as those, it's made in china...", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "deezTx", "review_date": "on September 6, 2013"}, "Tim Royston": {"title": "Flashlight nice for the price...BUT..PLEASE READ", "review": "1st of all, I have some higher end CREE flashlights. They take the 18650 batteries. Although I do like this flashlight for the price, I was duped into buying more 18650 batteries for it and found out that it takes 14500 or AA batteries instead. The 'Frequently Bought Together' section showed 18650 batteries as though they were for this item. I bought up to 6 more batteries because I purchased 5 of these flashlights on 2 purchases. Now...I have to buy the 14500 batteries and find some use for the 18650's. I believe this is an AMAZON screw up, not the vender's. JUST BEWARE!!When I received the 1st batch, there was only 1 of the 2 that I purchased in the package. I am waiting for a follow-up now. Will finish review later.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tim Royston", "review_date": "on December 19, 2012"}, "Robert Bosse": {"title": "Be blind!", "review": "Holy crap... My girlfriend worked for Surefire for a brief period and was able to get a deal on a flashlight, after first use... thought it was bad arse and super bright. After seeing these things for $5 I couldn't help but jump on it. Plopped in a AA battery once we received and looked at it while turning it on like a smart guy... instantly blinded! These things are awesome because you can zoom the light beam... I'm pretty sure if someone breaks in, I'll just shine this and tell em I have a gun pointed at em and they won't have any idea... Going to be buying these and put them all over my house... Also looking for a 1000+ lumen one as well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert Bosse", "review_date": "on November 28, 2012"}, "Thumbs": {"title": "Works great with AA, Works even better with a 14500 lithium cell!", "review": "First and foremost this is not a Surefire or a Streamlight, or even a Fenix, what it is, is a functional, solid, compact and economical light.I bought this on a whim, and I must say I am thrilled. It is small enough to fit compactly in your hand and use as a strike enhancer in a self defense situation if need be. (For those who are untrained or inexperienced in proper punching techniques, squeezing an object like this, or a roll of quarters, dimes, lighter, etc... can assist in preventing weak/limp-wristed strikes/punches) When held in such a manner the switch can be activated with your thumb, and the semi pointed tip can be used with some effectiveness when delivering hammer punches.The adjustable focus on my unit came in handy from adjusting to a spot to a floodlight as needed. I gave one to each of my kids so they can walk the dog at night, and if someone by chance still chooses to harass them while walking our 100 Lb. Doberman, they have a flashlight that may assist them if a self defense situation should arise.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Thumbs", "review_date": "on March 19, 2014"}, "Elizabeth": {"title": "Campact and Bright light", "review": "Love the size, husband and I just got back from a camping trip to the beach. At night we used the flashlights for sand crabs. Also perfect fit in the small pocket of my beach bag. Also has a belt clip, my husband wore his. Bright light and has a blinking setting.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Elizabeth", "review_date": "on May 29, 2017"}, "M. Lynch": {"title": "Worth the wait", "review": "I bought 4 of these, one for me and some as gifts for friends. The order took a long time, but after contacting the vendor, another order was sent. I expected it to take a long time and I was not in a hurry.They were worth the wait. Bright. Plus they adjust by sliding the lens in or out. The most focused adjustment has an odd square shape, but I think it's cool that way. Also, they're sturdy with a nice clip for a belt or pocket. I like them so much, I decided to keep two for myself. Might even get more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M. Lynch", "review_date": "on November 23, 2014"}, "Brittney Peebles": {"title": "Great small flashlight", "review": "My husband works in the oilfield so I grabbed this two pack for him and his friend to use while at work. They are simple, only take 1 battery, and they really liked the brightness of the light and the fact that it has a tight clip on it so it stays in their pocket well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Brittney Peebles", "review_date": "on March 30, 2017"}, "ps": {"title": "My favorite small flashlight", "review": "Really great flashlights, very bright, well made, for an excellent price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ps", "review_date": "on November 3, 2017"}, "Ron": {"title": "Very good little torch", "review": "First, shipping is ridiculously slow. Even it is from HK, it is much slower than other sellers on Ebay.The torch is a lite version, which means it doesn't have any modes(high/low/flash), just on/off.I use a 14500 3.7v battery, but the light is still below my expectation. It should be a Q3 LED, definitely not a Q5, because I have a Q5 bought from Meritline. The reflector is pretty rough as well.For $5, no complaint. But I would suggest to spend 3 dollars more to get a complete version of this torch with quicker shipping.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ron", "review_date": "on November 10, 2012"}, "AB": {"title": "Great light for the price", "review": "Fantastic flashlight for the price.  Note, these ship from China and take a few weeks to arrive.  Several companies make these lights but they all look the same.  I'd ordered others in the past that had additional functionality (clicking the on/off button included, strobe as well as low power setting) that the recent ones don't.That said they are bright, use a standard AA battery and are focas-able.  They have a nice aluminum body with plenty of grip.  I bought 4 to leave anywhere I might need a light (car, shed, closet, etc).", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "AB", "review_date": "on March 31, 2014"}, "Rhonda": {"title": "Bright!", "review": "These are tiny, but mighty. I can keep one in my pocket when needed. The light is very bright and illuminates well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rhonda", "review_date": "on June 3, 2017"}, "Alaa": {"title": "Great for it's price", "review": "It's created from metal not plastic, and it's a good quality, it has only one mode not three modes (unless if there is a secret way to run it) pressed the button many times but it give only one mode. you can change the zoom of light or the focus of it by moving the above part up or down which gives you different zoom and focus of the light.It give a nice light even when try it with a used AA regular battery ( not the chargeable kind ).For home use or car check or outdoor for close area, it's really a nice choice for it's price. 300lm or 200lm or whatever it says, the bright of this light is far enough to let you see in the dark. and for it's price, it's a must to be in your car/home.Note: About the seller, this product arrived to an international address even before 6 days from the last day of the estimate time for the shipment. and they ship it protected well with protection foam and included in a protect bag.Addition: I would like to add that the one mode that this flashlight has, is a good feature, as sometimes it's annoying when you want to turn on/off the flashlight and you have to go through all the modes. so I found it having one mode as a good feature for me ( I already have another head flashlight with different modes, it's nice, but need to press the button 3 times to turn it off) this one is not and i start to like it this way.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Alaa", "review_date": "on September 19, 2013"}, "MIO": {"title": "Not Bad, Not Great", "review": "Okay the pluses are its lightweight, small, takes a regular battery, the button is easy to push and is bright. The drawbacks are that the focus moves easy so when you deploy it it's usually set on wide angle so it's no good for tactics, the clip is turned the wrong way to attach to my ballcap for hands free operation. The bevel end for striking is marginal.If you want a tacticool light to blast the eyes of a thug with lightening speed this aint it. If you want a good light for a bag, hunting pack, glovebox that allows you focus ability it's not a regrettable choice by any means.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MIO", "review_date": "on January 6, 2013"}, "dward": {"title": "this isnt  the one", "review": "update. both flashlights have ceased working after less than a month. so the verdict is; do not buy this product.fantastic little flashlight!! very bright and love the zoom feature.  I use it to walk dogs in the dark and it is perfect.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "dward", "review_date": "on October 17, 2017"}, "CouponinPfeif": {"title": "Very powerful lights", "review": "These are great handy little flashlights. I put one in my car and after using it my husband said he is taking my other one for his truck. I really love that you can adjust the light to sort of \"zoom in\" on something specific with the light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CouponinPfeif", "review_date": "on April 11, 2017"}, "Allstar": {"title": "Well made, solid aluminum", "review": "Well made, solid aluminum.  Was tough to figure out how to unscrew it to put batteries in.  Its the little cap on the end where the push button on switch is.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Allstar", "review_date": "on April 14, 2018"}, "Jeremy": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Works very good", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jeremy", "review_date": "on May 31, 2016"}, "T. Tompkins": {"title": "Really bright on 1 AA battery.", "review": "I got this on sale and was rather skeptical about how well it would perform on an ordinary alkaline penlight battery. Well, I'm happy to say that it was brighter than expected and absolutely outshines any of the inexpensive, single-battery LED flashlights I've purchased over the last few years. It also is much brighter than the 8 or 9-LED models that use three AAA batteries. The light has a bit of a bluish tint, but not annoyingly so, by any means. With the adjustable lens fully forward, this baby will project a small, rectangular beam of light for over a hundred feet. Bring the lens back and it becomes a nice flood light. As others have mentioned, the lens just slides back and forth rather than staying in a secured position as it would if it were threaded. However, you'll likely not be using it much as a spotlight, anyway, due to the narrow beam.There apparently are several types out there that look virtually identical and what I was expecting was the single on/off variety. What I actually received was the one that gives full brightness, off, reduced brightness, off, strobe and off for each push of the tail switch. Although this is an ordinary locking, click-on/click-off switch, there apparently is some circuitry that keeps track of the number of times the contacts open and close in a short period of time. In ordinary use, the light will always come on at full brightness and go off with the next push, just like a regular flashlight. I also tested it with a battery that was getting weak and, although dimmer, it still produced plenty of lightAt 3.2 oz (with battery), this is heavier than I expected and is also fatter than other 1-AA lights. It appears to be quite rugged and that also goes for the clip, which is fastened by two screws. Not sure I'd want to carry this in a pocket for long periods of time--maybe on a belt, though. It was wrapped in ample bubble wrap inside the envelope in which it was delivered, which held no paperwork.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "T. Tompkins", "review_date": "on January 5, 2013"}, "DAN": {"title": "Impressed", "review": "I typically do not write reviews, but I was impressed when I put in a AA battery. Very small flashlight, but super bright. I did not notice a big difference in brightness between the spray view and the focused view, but there could be a difference in distance (just guessing). My purpose for these was to be prepared during power outages and to maybe use while camping.  I am buying some more soon. I could see these as a nice gift.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DAN", "review_date": "on September 22, 2017"}, "Chazz": {"title": "Not worth a 3star review.", "review": "Because they were $4 each that got them one star. Because they worked they got another. Because they did not work properly two stars is all they are worth.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chazz", "review_date": "on April 11, 2018"}, "Rasalin": {"title": "For the price these are very nice and worth it", "review": "For the price these are very nice and worth it. They easily compete with my more expensive Fenix flashlights. I can't speak to battery life yet though. I am definitely happy so far with them. I will update this review if they break down or die quickly.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rasalin", "review_date": "on August 2, 2017"}, "Jing Zhang": {"title": "under closet repair and kids love it for haunted house", "review": "This is one of the must haves for each and every family. We used it for night time outdoor exploration, under closet repair and kids love it for haunted house.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jing Zhang", "review_date": "on April 6, 2018"}, "Andy": {"title": "Love the daily dealz.", "review": "I purchased some larger flashlights recently but needed something that was easier to carry daily. I love the size and the build quality. Plus just one AA battery is nice. They are nice and bright and have a cool zoom feature.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Andy", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "jj kim": {"title": "a river runs through it...my living room that is ... thanks sandy", "review": "Hurricane survivor, power outage, flood, fuel, food...not the F word I was thinking...I was thinking ... FEMAI have C and D size maglights, a bunch of cheapo LEDs (bulbs looks like x-mas lights), a $100 surefire, craftsman rechargable worklight and a dewalt rechargeable.This is the flashlight that I am ordering again.  Ergo this review. In terms of cost and convenience, nothing beats this light.  For general lighting, like walking around, going to the bathroom or scooping out floodwater, just point it at the ceiling, its that bright.  The battery lasts really long.  I didnt time it, but I was using some cheapo \"philips\" zinc-carbon batteries (ok really really cheapos) and only needed 3 over 12 days.  I agree its not 300 lumens but when you are in pitch black, its plenty.At 10 feet, it throws a remarkably even 6 foot circle of light.  None of my flashlights can do this. The button and button cover is flimsy, so what, I got duct tape. The lens is plastic so expect it to get scratched over time. I paid over $30 for my maglights but the cells were close to dead. But everyones got AA size. Worst case, grab some from remote controls.As an aside, get youself a little a portable radio, it saved my sanity...And a good sleeping bag.  My -15C walmart special kept me plenty warm.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jj kim", "review_date": "on November 18, 2012"}, "Susan": {"title": "Love this flashlight!", "review": "Arrived on time and product is as depicted.  Great mini flashlights for the price.  Bought these for my husband who uses them at work.  Would definitely buy again", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Susan", "review_date": "on April 7, 2018"}, "MIkeyWay": {"title": "Unbeatable for the price", "review": "Wow what an awesome and bright little flashlight! The construction is quite sturdy, the pocket clip is secure but not too tight for me, and I love the adjustable zoom. The small size is also really handy. I have only tried this with alkaline AA batteries, but with those it is very bright. I will try lithium and Ni-Cad batteries once I get the chance. I actually purchased two of these and ended up buying a picatinny mount for one and mounting it on a shotgun for a cheap but effective weapon light.Overall, this is a fantastic product, especially for the low price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MIkeyWay", "review_date": "on January 28, 2013"}, "B": {"title": "Do not buy!", "review": "Horrible lights!! The lights change modes with any bump of the flashlight. I cannot keep them on one mode without them changing modes from power saving to flashing to high beam. Every single bump or vibration will change modes and cause the lid to come off and the battery pop off! Cheap and not worth the money!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "B", "review_date": "on September 5, 2017"}, "Plussizemakeup": {"title": "These are super handy and bright", "review": "These are super handy and bright!  They fit in my pocket but can spot a coyote from a far  these are going to be my lifeline out here in the country this year!  So glad I purchased these and intend to order another set for my daughter.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Plussizemakeup", "review_date": "on April 13, 2017"}, "Chris Miller": {"title": "Great light, inexpensive", "review": "Great light, very bright for the price.  Don't really care for the strobe mode, and you have to cycle through it to get back to the brightest mode.  But what can you expect for such a cheap price.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chris Miller", "review_date": "on December 12, 2017"}, "Dan": {"title": "Got a good deal on these $5 s piece", "review": "Got a good deal on these $5 s piece, are very bright, or dimmer battery saving mode as well as strobe.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dan", "review_date": "on July 8, 2017"}, "Jessie": {"title": "easy to use", "review": "They are small and light, easy to use. The best thing I like is it only need one battery, not three.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jessie", "review_date": "on May 31, 2017"}, "terrell48": {"title": "Compact, bright and reliable", "review": "Sees like a good light so for, it is pretty handy due to its small size if you carry a light with you, the design fo beam adjustment is not my favorite, but based on its size it puts out a good amount of light, the price is very good as well and I have had this light for quite a while now and it has continued to be  very good, I have used several times.  it is not my main light but purchased to carry with me because it is so compact and I have used it enough now to gain confidence that it is dependable.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "terrell48", "review_date": "on November 13, 2013"}, "devnulled": {"title": "Excellent Flashlights for the price", "review": "Make sure you get the right batteries (not the frequently purchased ones shown on sales page), you need the lithium 14500 batteries (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0035H9A1K/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_3)  that are more AA battery sized not the larger ones. Other than that the focus is done by sliding the lens cap end forward and back, it does a decent job lighting up an area and spot focus shows the shape of the LED inside at close range. For the price I can see one being tossed in each vehicle with a cigarette lighter plug charger. Just remember not to place your LI-ON batteries in a regular NiCad or NiMH charger as it could cause it to explode.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "devnulled", "review_date": "on December 17, 2012"}, "markfp": {"title": "Arrived very quickly and seem to be a good product. I admit they were smaller than I ...", "review": "Arrived very quickly and seem to be a good product. I admit they were smaller than I expected, but that worked out okay because they're a good size to carry in  a pocket.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "markfp", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Penny Lane": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little light; good beam quality; heavy duty case.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Penny Lane", "review_date": "on September 17, 2017"}, "NPK": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "BRIGHT! (and small)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "NPK", "review_date": "on January 27, 2018"}, "WM": {"title": "Bright enough light, can't possibly be 300 lumens", "review": "This was advertised as 300 lumens and it just doesn't seem possible as it is much closer to other lights I have in the 100 lumen range.  This is a good light however so I'm really only deducting 2 stars because the stated output seems inflated.The focus mechanism is useful but not particularly good at holding a focus setting - it's somewhat loose and just a slide mechanism.  I like the fact that it feels sturdy, only needs 1 AA, has a an anti-roll design and can be stood up on it's tail so that the light is aimed upwards (e.g. at the ceiling).  The cutouts on the head also allow you to place it lens down and you'll be able to easily recognize if you accidentally left it on as light will bleed through.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "WM", "review_date": "on December 31, 2012"}, "LL": {"title": "Compact and useful", "review": "These are compact size flashlights, fit in palm.  3 light levels with click of button at the end of flash light. It is good for daily use to keep in the pocket for emergencies or just for walking the dog at night. Recommended", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "LL", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Jon": {"title": "Great little light", "review": "This light is a great size.  I'm not so sure its 150 lumen, but it is very bright.  I like how it only uses 1 AA battery.  It comes with a decent belt clip.  Adjustable beam is handy.  Out of 5 I have ordered, 2 have 3 modes, low, high, and strobe.  Some have no modes.  Some come in a box and some dont.  They are all CREE LEDs though, nice and bright. For the money this light is a great value.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jon", "review_date": "on October 30, 2013"}, "Summy": {"title": "This flashlight is super bright. I can have my bathroom light off", "review": "This flashlight is super bright. I can have my bathroom light off, which is in the middle of the house so very dark, and this light will light the whole room up. you can see just like the light was on. This light is amazing!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Summy", "review_date": "on March 28, 2018"}, "ODB": {"title": "Police grade luminescence", "review": "So bright it can be used as a weapon", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ODB", "review_date": "on November 1, 2017"}, "eugef": {"title": "Solid, but beware of seller", "review": "Took a while to get to my door, however it worth the wait. Solid product, bright light, adjustable focus. Feels good in the hand. Use only one AA battery.UPDATE: Changing review to 3 stars. Beware of different sellers selling this product. I bought the first one from Harmons  and it was a great product as described above. Later, ordered a second one from tech360cc and it was nothing like a first one, feels \"cheap\" doesn't have dim and strobe functionality, clip is loose.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "eugef", "review_date": "on March 8, 2013"}, "Cindy ": {"title": "This is a great mini flashlights", "review": "This is a great mini flashlights! The size is small and fits so comfortable in my hand or put in my pocket. Also they are so bright than i expect. Very reasonable price for two, five stars!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cindy ", "review_date": "on March 31, 2018"}, "JinnyRoseto": {"title": "I like this pack of flashlight so much", "review": "I like this pack of flashlight so much!! It comes 4 pieces in one package. Also it is very convenient to carry, you can also clip on your pocket!! The light is bright! I will consider buying another set.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JinnyRoseto", "review_date": "on May 30, 2017"}, "Larry Ausley": {"title": "Better than expected", "review": "I received this light yesterday. It took about 3 weeks to arrive from Hong Kong. I was actually amazed how bright it is. Blindingly so. Focuses from beam to spot.  I'm using it with a 2000 mAh NiMH AA battery. It seems to be made of pretty resilient materials (machined aluminum). The strobe mode was an added plus not mentioned in the specs. I plan to use the light as a backup signal device for night kayaking. Haven't tested water resistance yet but the threads are O-ring sealed. I was so impressed, I just ordered 3 more. For the price, why not?", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Larry Ausley", "review_date": "on December 14, 2012"}, "Chuck1545": {"title": "Worked well and were priced well.", "review": "Worked well and were priced well.  The lights are bright, they include a strobe light and a wide to narrow beam focus and a belt clip.  They are made well from sturdy metal with no plastic parts.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chuck1545", "review_date": "on June 29, 2017"}, "Twinmom": {"title": "Great sporting flashlights", "review": "These are great flashlights. They are perfect for any outdoor activity - hunting, fishing, walking your dog and picking up poop... They are heavy duty so they can be packed in your gear and will stand up to the rugged outdoors.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Twinmom", "review_date": "on February 17, 2017"}, "Michael Salemi": {"title": "Superb quality, extremely bright flashlight", "review": "Superb quality, extremely bright flashlight at an astoundingly low price. You will NOT be disappointed. I have them all over the house and in every car...ended up buying 8 of them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael Salemi", "review_date": "on November 4, 2017"}, "BobR": {"title": "Big beam in small package", "review": "These are great little lights and put out a big adjustable magnified beam. They last about 3 years before switch or other problems develop but worth every bit of the money paid.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BobR", "review_date": "on September 5, 2017"}, "Buckeye": {"title": "Nice bright compact light for the price", "review": "Nice bright compact light for the price.  The focused beam is an odd square shape, but not an issue for me.  Have been using for about 3 months and seem to be good quality.  Will buy more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Buckeye", "review_date": "on November 25, 2017"}, "Charles J. Cole": {"title": "Very fast shipping!", "review": "This is probably the best and most compact set of flashlights I've ever owned! I don't like candles so they are perfect for power outages and I'm always losing things so the ultra brightness is very effective for that too!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Charles J. Cole", "review_date": "on March 4, 2017"}, "Ulysses gonsalez": {"title": "Great buy. Good price and they have three modes", "review": "Great buy. Good price and they have three modes. Low high and sos.  They also come with zoom that will allow more light and will put up a nice square when you pull the front on the flash light forward.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ulysses gonsalez", "review_date": "on November 8, 2017"}, "Josh B.": {"title": "This little lights are awesome!", "review": "These are my favorite! Very bright, compact, and zoomable. Plus they come in 2 pack. One for the car, and one for home. These are awesome for their price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Josh B.", "review_date": "on February 3, 2018"}, "bob k.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Awesome lights!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "bob k.", "review_date": "on December 17, 2017"}, "dee burdick-desanti": {"title": "Great item to have", "review": "Great item to have. They are so compact that you can carry one in your purse, bag, or car, and not worry about it taking up much room at all. Easy on/off button for someone with arthritis, or a young child.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "dee burdick-desanti", "review_date": "on April 10, 2017"}, "Kandra Spaulding": {"title": "Nice flashlight", "review": "Love the size of these flashlights. Makes them easy to carry with you until you need it. Nice that they come in a pair. Can put one in my purse and one in the car. Very bright for the size it is.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kandra Spaulding", "review_date": "on June 6, 2017"}, "Deborah kriket": {"title": "i was looking for something to keep in my vehicle that wasnt big but was still bright wnought ro get the job down and this is th", "review": "these are the bigest bang for youe buck. very very bright. i was looking for something to keep in my vehicle that wasnt big but was still bright  wnought ro get the job down and this is the PERFECT flash light for that!I have no relation to the seller, this is my honest opinion. :)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Deborah kriket", "review_date": "on March 15, 2017"}, "baconschteam": {"title": "Great little things, but I lost one.", "review": "I was about to give it two stars since I was so sad that I lost one but then I realized that was silly. These are so bright and small! Great for camping or anything. Solid construction. Batteries haven't died. I'll buy more of these if I need more flashlights.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "baconschteam", "review_date": "on October 20, 2017"}, "rd5565": {"title": "Excellent Flashlights", "review": "These flashlights are awesome. They are very small but provide a super-bright light. I especially like the 3 settings: bright, dim and flash. The flash is almost like a strobe light and is perfect for walking the dog at night. The clip is great too. Highly recommend.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "rd5565", "review_date": "on January 5, 2017"}, "CMill": {"title": "Perfect for camping", "review": "I ordered these to put in our camper for a light that didn't require a lot of room.  These are perfect and give off light  exactly what as  I wanted.  I would buy them again.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CMill", "review_date": "on April 12, 2018"}, "shaohua,cheng": {"title": "Love it!", "review": "I like it and my daughter too. We will use them for camping next week!! \u26fa\ufe0f", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "shaohua,cheng", "review_date": "on May 21, 2017"}, "Susie": {"title": "surprised", "review": "very bright and portable.  will use in the car as a light for maps, task lighting, or, emergencies.  great for entering a dark movie theater.  would love to try out other products from this supplier.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Susie", "review_date": "on April 24, 2017"}, "Kody R. Latham": {"title": "Perfect", "review": "Perfect little flashlight. Feels very durable and rugged. Has three settings: bright, less bright, and strobe. Runs on a single battery, so it's cheap and easy to use.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kody R. Latham", "review_date": "on September 12, 2017"}, "M4RC3L0": {"title": "Very good for the price!!", "review": "Awesome value for the price!! Well build and powerful enough - the lenses are a smart way of defusing the light - it works well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M4RC3L0", "review_date": "on February 7, 2018"}, "Jessica Milbrand": {"title": "Good Flashlights", "review": "Very small flashlights but they work well. I would have given a full 5 stars but one of them wanted to be annoying and not work 100% of the time. The light exposure was great, it gave a lot of bright light. They only take 1 AA battery which is great. I purchased a 24 pack of AA's with these flashlights- both were a good purchase.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jessica Milbrand", "review_date": "on September 14, 2017"}, "Edward Chen": {"title": "super easy to carry", "review": "Ultra-convenient and compact flashlight and a group of two, super easy to carry, do not have to fear the dark place", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Edward Chen", "review_date": "on March 26, 2018"}, "Mina": {"title": "So good looking, durable and bright!!", "review": "I love them!! OMG they look so cool and are so bright!!! I was checking the tires a few days ago and suddenly the whole \"neighborhood\" went visible! lol..Awesome design and I love how durable they are!I'll definitely recommend to my everyone I know..", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mina", "review_date": "on January 6, 2018"}, "Nick": {"title": "Great and tough", "review": "ran over it with a forklift still works fine nothing broke off of it", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nick", "review_date": "on April 5, 2017"}, "reallylooney": {"title": "Bright Light", "review": "they are a great deal.  they are not high end, but for the price, they throw a lot of light with 1 battery.  Put them in all of the cars.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "reallylooney", "review_date": "on December 12, 2017"}, "OatmealR": {"title": "Best LED flashlight I've used!", "review": "I've used plenty of cheap LED's, mostly those with 7 or 15 or a million of those crummy LED \"bulbs.\" This little wonder blows them all out of the water, and adds three great features the others don't have: 1) It's incredibly bright, easily besting all the regular flashlights I have, 2) It has a high power/Low Power/Strobe option, and 3) It has a focusing feature which actually works quite effectively. The price is beyond right for this gem, and you shouldn't think twice about ordering it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "OatmealR", "review_date": "on June 11, 2013"}, "Allen": {"title": "Junk", "review": "This mini flashlight may be inexpensive, but it is junk. Uses 1 AA battery so not nearly as bright as the same LED powered by 3 AA batteries (see the \"Lighting Ever\" zoom flashlight with the same CREE LED). The adjustable zoom is not at all smooth, requires using your other hand to pull on the collar. The lens is low quality, creates non-uniform lighting with a bright ring outside a dark band. Pay a few more dollars and buy an excellent alternative. I bought 1 of these just to compare to the Lighting Ever zoom model (bought 2 of those, and love it). Also takes forever to receive this junk, shipped from China.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Allen", "review_date": "on December 15, 2013"}, "Twix": {"title": "It works great and the magnification is such a helpful thing", "review": "This flashlight deal is a steal! This light put out a strong beam for its size and its very durable. I am a locksmith and this has become my everyday flashlight. It works great and the magnification is such a helpful thing. I would highly highly recommend this product because the brightness, durability and the cost. Get you one and i promise you will not regret it!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Twix", "review_date": "on September 14, 2017"}, "Rodel P. Urmatan": {"title": "It's rock solid!", "review": "Rock solid construction with great beams of light. Only use 1 AA size battery. It fits comfortably in my jeans pocket and compliments my EDC. Not to mention that the price is extremely reasonable.What's not to like? :))", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rodel P. Urmatan", "review_date": "on February 23, 2017"}, "David M. Groce": {"title": "suit perfect for kids", "review": "They are very mini flashlight, suit perfect for kids. We will use them when we go to camping, kids will love them!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David M. Groce", "review_date": "on April 17, 2018"}, "Calvin": {"title": "Brighter Than Expected", "review": "Wow these were a lot brighter than I expected. I bought one to attach to my home defense shotgun and the other for my car. The only draw back was not being able to get the belt clip off without snapping it but no biggie.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Calvin", "review_date": "on February 16, 2017"}, "ksmile": {"title": "Light but bright", "review": "It is small but mighty. This little flashlight is very bright. It also is light so I can carry in my pocket, purse, or on my belt loop.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ksmile", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "Phoenix": {"title": "Great Flashlight very compact.", "review": "Use it on my gun belt clipped to my magazine holder.  Watch out for the little screws, one fell out but I think I can find a replacement.  The light is tiny but very powerful.  My favorite light so far. I have two now and will probably order more.  one AA and thats it.  Dropped it numberous times on concrete and still works.  What a rip off from other tactical lights.  Its been field tested and more officers are interested, you can buy a few of these for the price of a standard \"tactical\" duty flashlight.  Strongly recommended, takes a while for item to be shipped.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Phoenix", "review_date": "on January 21, 2013"}, "Richard S. Melton": {"title": "Cheap but bright", "review": "really cheaply made and flimsy.  The light is bright and there's a flimsy lense you can move to adjust the beam... not bad all in all but not great... you get what you pay for.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard S. Melton", "review_date": "on May 20, 2017"}, "SW": {"title": "What a great value!", "review": "I have bought ~40 of these and give them away to family and friends.  Tactical tip and super solid.  They are good for a female(or male) to have in their hand when they are walking at night.  Adjustable beam and sometimes have variable strobe/etc.  I am a bit of a flashlight nerd and have some $100 flashlights but these are just amazing in that they take one AA bulb and give out a lot of light for the money!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "SW", "review_date": "on July 1, 2014"}, "Benjamin": {"title": "Pretty Solid light", "review": "For the money, this is a great light. One thing I didn't know until recently was that the light is adjustable by pulling and pushing. Before I knew this I would turn the front of the light and nothing would happen so I just thought it was broken. It has a very wide option but also an incredibly focused, narrow light option. It is actually somewhat fascinating how narrow this light is able to be when you want it to be.I would recommend this and/or buy again.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Benjamin", "review_date": "on May 28, 2013"}, "NHS": {"title": "Birght light", "review": "This flashlight is like having  your own personal automobile headlight. set to high beam. Very bright flashlight and barely the size of you pinky finger, incredible!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "NHS", "review_date": "on June 27, 2017"}, "ShoreD": {"title": "One of 2 has failed", "review": "I use the flashlight with a 14500 battery. The flashlight works well - however one of the 2 flashlights has failed - I guess you get what you pay for", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ShoreD", "review_date": "on September 27, 2017"}, "KF5DPP": {"title": "For the money....", "review": "These are hard to beat. I think I have about a dozen of these now. I have them in almost every room of the house somewhere and in all my toolboxes and glove boxes. I have no idea if they are 300 lumens or not, but they are plenty bight for every day (night?)use. They outshine my brand name 110 lumen flashlight and for certain are brighter than my old school Mag Light although they are not as good of a club. Plus they run on cheap batteries and have a fairly decent battery life. They have high, low, and strobe modes just push the power button within a second or two of tuning on. I really have no use for now for the other modes, but I guess they are there if I need them. They certainly beat the 10 for $20 led flashlights you find at the big box stores. One note, they do take quite some time to arrive, but all of mine have showed up eventually!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KF5DPP", "review_date": "on May 3, 2013"}, "mjc6063": {"title": "Great value", "review": "I picked these up for a song during one of the Amazon deals.  They are outstanding little flashlights, plenty bright.  I'd recommend the 14500 Li rechargeable batteries at 3.7V if you want the intensity to go up about 3x.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mjc6063", "review_date": "on May 23, 2017"}, "Shawn": {"title": "Cheap Knockoff", "review": "The output is not even close to the 300lm stated in the description.  I have numerous high end flashlights and this is probably more like 100 lumens.  I bought several of these to keep in drawers, cars, etc and some of them had what looks like plastic shavings in the lens.  Spend a few more bucks and get something better.  These aren't anything close to what the description would have you believe.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Shawn", "review_date": "on June 22, 2013"}, "ME": {"title": "Hit and Miss", "review": "Of the two, one worked perfectly, the other would only switch on in dim mode, and needed to be switched to bright mode. They are build solidly and the working one does a good job. Amazon customer service is perfect as always and resolved the issue to my satisfaction. I would try them again,  my guess is I just got a bad one.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ME", "review_date": "on April 4, 2018"}, "IHeartArt": {"title": "Decent flashlights", "review": "Decent set of heavy flashlights. I like that they use standard batteries as opposed to rechargeable ones. These lights are bright and get the job done. Good set for the price", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "IHeartArt", "review_date": "on April 24, 2017"}, "Hemlockfen": {"title": "Great Utilily Light for the Emergencies", "review": "Great for the car.  Inexpensive.  Cheap on batteries.  Small and can be put anywhere.  A lot of light for a single AA battery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Hemlockfen", "review_date": "on December 22, 2017"}, "ALFRED W": {"title": "Works good on 1.2 volt Rechargeable Ni-Mh Batteries!", "review": "Nice well made little flashlight, they work good on 1.2 volt rechargeable Ni-Mh batteries.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ALFRED W", "review_date": "on April 15, 2018"}, "Angelo B": {"title": "Good buy", "review": "It works as described. Does the job for me. Kids use it all the time and they're still intact. Batteries last decent amount of time so worth the money", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Angelo B", "review_date": "on November 9, 2017"}, "Harley chik": {"title": "great flashlight and size makes them convenient", "review": "These things seriously have range...great flashlight and size makes them convenient. Wicked bargain would buy again!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Harley chik", "review_date": "on December 14, 2017"}, "HarishS": {"title": "Love this little, bright light.", "review": "Excellent flashlight.  Puts out a lot of light from a compact, durable body, uses only a single AA battery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "HarishS", "review_date": "on October 18, 2017"}, "Rosalie A. Strawcutter": {"title": "Great gift for a guy as mine keep dissapearing!", "review": "I really liked these...so did the repairmen in my home as they walked away with the two I owned!  Great gift for a man apparently!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rosalie A. Strawcutter", "review_date": "on October 12, 2017"}, "Nikki sotelo": {"title": "and they look and feel pretty durable. Perfect to have in the house just ...", "review": "I ordered these because it's hurricane season here in Hawaii. They came just in time, and they look and feel pretty durable. Perfect to have in the house just in case.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nikki sotelo", "review_date": "on June 2, 2017"}, "Bigwolf Alpha": {"title": "Drains battery fast but very bright and compact", "review": "A little bummed at how fast it's draining the battery, but it is very bright. Loving the bright and dim modes but kind of hating the strobe. I guess if you have a BYO strobe party it's cool or you have to defend yourself against a racoon, but otherwise it's another button you have to push to get to bright mode again", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bigwolf Alpha", "review_date": "on September 9, 2017"}, "uclafan": {"title": "Great little lights.  Strong light.", "review": "Excellent.  Just what I needed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "uclafan", "review_date": "on August 22, 2017"}, "Tabitha": {"title": "Great!", "review": "These are very sturdy, durable flashlights. They are also decently bright with two different light settings. Would definitely recommend.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tabitha", "review_date": "on October 8, 2017"}, "ST Harris": {"title": "Good Quality", "review": "Good little well made flashlight. Can't beat them for the price. They make nice gifts.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ST Harris", "review_date": "on April 11, 2018"}, "Koopay": {"title": "Small but mighty!", "review": "I\u2019m actually surprised the amount of lights it puts out... and the ability to change the focus is amazing... Lowell made and compact.... After receiving the flashlight, I end up ordering another pair... try it and you won\u2019t be disappointed...", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Koopay", "review_date": "on September 21, 2017"}, "Villmater": {"title": "I like this flashlight. I recommend it.", "review": "I like this flashlight, they are very bright and focus adjustable. Compare with MINI MAGLITE, this is very good and save more using 1 AA battery compare with the other brands. I recommend it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Villmater", "review_date": "on July 18, 2017"}, "Samantha": {"title": "Awesome flashlight", "review": "These flashlights are awesome. They are small and able to be carried easily.  They give a lot of light and we got them just in time to use for a power outage which was perfect!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Samantha", "review_date": "on May 26, 2017"}, "MMTech1": {"title": "Not as bright as the Solaray one I have. ...", "review": "Not as bright as the Solaray one I have. These always want to start out flashing so I have to remember to push button twice.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MMTech1", "review_date": "on October 18, 2017"}, "Ali": {"title": "I wish I bought 10 of these", "review": "I already had a bunch of LED flashlights I had picked up here and there, but all of them were a little too fat for my gun mount. Not wanted to spend $130 on a tac light my friend recommended, I decided that this one was cheap enough for me to not care if it didn't work.The flashlight is insane. Only a notch or two down from my buddy's $130 Zebra Light, and it was $3-$5. Could not be happier with it.Customer service seemed distant, but when they realized that I hadn't received the first one they sent, they jumped right on it and offered me a refund or a replacement product. I got my flashlight in the mail 6 days later.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ali", "review_date": "on November 27, 2012"}, "BH": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "It's compact, lightweight, focusable, and bright - exactly what I was looking for.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BH", "review_date": "on April 5, 2018"}, "Annabelle Lee": {"title": "These LED Flashlights are so amazing an they last FOREVER", "review": "OMG;  who would buy regular flashlights anymore?  LED is the new bright light.... These LED Flashlights are so amazing an they last FOREVER!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Annabelle Lee", "review_date": "on August 5, 2017"}, "ibmford": {"title": "Good for dealing with emergencies", "review": "These work even when repeatedly submerged under water about 12\" deep.  Good for dealing with emergencies, floods, surf fishing...", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ibmford", "review_date": "on August 29, 2017"}, "JD1112": {"title": "Flashlights", "review": "Nice sized little flashlight! They are really bright and compact. Perfect for pocket sized emergencies and for keeping in your purse for extra reassurance.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JD1112", "review_date": "on May 25, 2017"}, "Picky Nancy": {"title": "Small flashlights with okay light.", "review": "Small flashlights with okay light.  Not something I'd use except maybe to find my way to the bathroom in the middle of the night", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Picky Nancy", "review_date": "on September 2, 2017"}, "victoria": {"title": "Works great. Husband and Dad liked the flash lights and ...", "review": "Works great. Husband and Dad liked the flash lights and size is easy to take with you anywhere. Will buy again", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "victoria", "review_date": "on February 10, 2018"}, "chuckleby": {"title": "Worth Waiting For", "review": "I love this torch!!  It took 2.5 wk to get here from Hong Kong, but is worth the wait. It has a bezel that you can move in or out, to adjust the beam. On the 'wide' setting, it produces a very evenly lit circular spot. When used in the dark, the 'beam' setting will easily light up something that's 50+ feet away. The 'beam' setting looks strange though as it produces a squarish spot, but it is BRIGHT.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "chuckleby", "review_date": "on February 19, 2014"}, "Spaniel luver Todd": {"title": "Very bright!", "review": "Surprisingly small flashlights, but work great and are very bright. Like the option to focus or in focus  (spread the beam) the light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Spaniel luver Todd", "review_date": "on September 11, 2017"}, "norman avelenda": {"title": "These flashlights are amazing I have one in my car for emergencies and ...", "review": "These flashlights are amazing I have one in my car for emergencies and I have another one to use when I walk my dog. The lighting is great for long distance As well as short.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "norman avelenda", "review_date": "on December 30, 2017"}, "Steven J. Charles": {"title": "Very Useful, & Bright!", "review": "Nice bright light. And it's cool that you can widen or narrow the beam, depending on the situation. Very happy with them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Steven J. Charles", "review_date": "on September 19, 2017"}, "g": {"title": "won't turn off) but the other is just fine.", "review": "one was broken (button turns on, selects through modes, won't turn off) but the other is just fine.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "g", "review_date": "on January 16, 2018"}, "C. Fowler": {"title": "Bright idea!", "review": "Tiny cheap flashlights that are very bright. I haven't tried freezing them in a block of ice or running over them with a Humvee but there's still time.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "C. Fowler", "review_date": "on May 14, 2017"}, "Jonathan": {"title": "Really good low cost flash lights", "review": "Really good low cost flash lights. I got them last minute for a camping trip and they worked amazing.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jonathan", "review_date": "on December 9, 2017"}, "Sav": {"title": "This flash light is very nice. It has an option of a dimmed light", "review": "This flash light is very nice. It has an option of a dimmed light, flashing light, and also a bright and long extended light. I like it a lot and have used it  lot.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sav", "review_date": "on March 8, 2017"}, "wayne": {"title": "Nice little flashlight", "review": "Nice little flashlight. Bright output with AA battery. Zoom feature is a big plus. I almost never buy a non-zoomable flashlight after I first bought my zoomable flashlight 5 years ago.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "wayne", "review_date": "on December 26, 2015"}, "Michael Grafton": {"title": "Not too shabby", "review": "Not too bad for the price I paid.  They are bright.  The area where the battery goes is a little hard to turn, but still worked just fine.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael Grafton", "review_date": "on June 21, 2017"}, "Lisa12138": {"title": "Great product!!!!!!", "review": "Love it. So useful when I trying to fix my pipe. Strong light with amazing size. All I can say is fantastic", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lisa12138", "review_date": "on March 28, 2018"}, "Amy Tsuneishi": {"title": "excellent flashlight for the price", "review": "Although it comes from overseas fulfilled by Amazon, do understand you will be waiting over a month to get it. and when I finally received it, it was excellent, much brighter even on a standard AA battery, the lumens compared to other small flashlights i have is definitely notable. The special price I paid made it well worth while and with the Cree board it was definitely worth it. Glad I ordered 5 of them to have around the house and cars :)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Amy Tsuneishi", "review_date": "on February 23, 2013"}, "SHENG-HUI JEFFREY CHU": {"title": "compact easy to use.", "review": "This flashlight fits in my palm.  It has simple push button to turn it on or off and the zooming control on a ring.  No other control options which is exactly what I needed.  It has a single LED with a powerful lens to focus the light into a beam.  the light is pretty bright even when it's powered by a regular AA battery.  You can control the zoom by pulling the ring which is about quarter of the full length of the body.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "SHENG-HUI JEFFREY CHU", "review_date": "on September 11, 2013"}, "Sim Lucien": {"title": "so they don't get held to super high standards", "review": "They cheap, so they don't get held to super high standards. The slide to amplify light is only useful when at max power. The light gets focused into some logo I can't make out. Not good or bad, just an observation.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sim Lucien", "review_date": "on March 13, 2017"}, "H. Pighetti": {"title": "These are great little flashlights", "review": "These are great little flashlights! I bought more of them because I loved them so much! They are extremely bright and easy to carry in your pocket.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "H. Pighetti", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "Dr. LRF, DPT": {"title": "One battery and it lights up like a police helicopter", "review": "My husband is obsessed with this flashlight.  One battery and it lights up like a police helicopter.  Best flashlight ever. It can zoom or be diffuse.  It's heavy and wish it had a wrist strap but otherwise awesome.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dr. LRF, DPT", "review_date": "on February 10, 2018"}, "Rick Casey": {"title": "Great Value Flashlights", "review": "These are Great, Small, and Bright flashlights. We use them often and are excellent replacements for the large bulky flashlights we carry in our cars.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rick Casey", "review_date": "on May 18, 2017"}, "dogsnguitars": {"title": "Perfect", "review": "We needed small strong flashlights so we could see our new very dark puppy in the yard in the dark.  These are heavy, solid, bright and work perfectly.  I would recommend for purse, car, or very dark puppies at night....", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "dogsnguitars", "review_date": "on May 9, 2017"}, "Reeping Way": {"title": "Feel safe with these lights", "review": "I wish they had come with some instructions, but one can figure it out. Bright light, great for small places, like a car or purse, and easy to tuck ito a pocket for an evening walk.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Reeping Way", "review_date": "on July 29, 2017"}, "Blaqirishman": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "I will only say for now so far so good, will see in a few months", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Blaqirishman", "review_date": "on April 16, 2018"}, "QW": {"title": "Great flashlight, runs on AA batteries", "review": "The flashlights are great for the price. It fits the pocket and easy to carry around. It runs on one AA battery and bright enough for most of the tasks.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "QW", "review_date": "on March 28, 2018"}, "Ms Dee": {"title": "... I thought it would be but it's still a great price for the amount of flashlights you", "review": "they are not as bright as I thought it would be but it's still a great price for the amount of flashlights you receive", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ms Dee", "review_date": "on September 6, 2017"}, "David Gunter": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Didn't realize how much I'd be using these little flashlight but I use them nightly.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David Gunter", "review_date": "on December 27, 2017"}, "Fuzzy Jones": {"title": "Amazing LED Flashlight!", "review": "After seeing this $5 flashlight, I'm glad not to be in the flashlight business! Very decent quality, machined metal. The \"switch\" works well. No instructions are included, don't worry, not to difficult to figure out how to change the battery (hint:the ring directly next to orange on/off switch(. Shipping from Hong Kong to NJ took 15 days - much less than the time estimate provided by the seller. I'm going to order a second as a backup!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Fuzzy Jones", "review_date": "on November 26, 2012"}, "Raymond K. Rodgers": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Work good. Batteries  last a long time. Really bright", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Raymond K. Rodgers", "review_date": "on June 17, 2017"}, "Jordan S.": {"title": "Really bright for running off a single AA battery.  Very slow shipping, came from China and took a month.", "review": "I've carried it every day in my pocket since I received it.  Use it at least once every day, super bright.  At least twice as bright as my regular 3 Cell C Maglite with a much more even light pattern.I was so please with this cheap little light that I bought a bunch more to give to family and friends.After carrying it daily for 2 months now it still works great and still on the first battery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jordan S.", "review_date": "on January 30, 2014"}, "Phaid": {"title": "Solid light for < $5-.  Slow ship from Digital center.  1st 4 did not work.", "review": "Slow ship from Digital center. Ordered Nov 13th. 1st 4 did not function, making them useless as Christmas gifts. Finally got 4 working lights Jan 8th.With AA not 300 lumens not expected to be with AA. I am not buying a 14500 3.6v Battery for a < $5 flashlight. Second batch seems to have more consistent manufacture on the sliding bezel for the zoom function. Metal clip is very stout.  I have done worse on cheep Ebay lights, but does not make me confident as a go to in SHTF situation.More update to come possibly.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Phaid", "review_date": "on January 8, 2013"}, "Brent Smith": {"title": "Super Bright", "review": "Love these little lights. Super bright. The strobe light can be used as a defensive weapon. It totally can slow someone down.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Brent Smith", "review_date": "on September 22, 2017"}, "Mohit Gangwani": {"title": "Not bad for the price", "review": "Lights work well and are bright. You have to cycle by pressing buttons for the three different settings. Not bad for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mohit Gangwani", "review_date": "on December 1, 2017"}, "Richard B.": {"title": "Works great.", "review": "Arrived in perfect condition, on time. Each one works great. Very happy. Have them scattered around the house.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard B.", "review_date": "on September 27, 2017"}, "Tom Ward": {"title": "Ok so far.....had about 2 months.,", "review": "Nice - in past flash lights crapped out after a few months - corroded with white stuff inside...will see how these do..", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tom Ward", "review_date": "on July 28, 2017"}, "Rhinestone Mom": {"title": "Nifty little flashlights!", "review": "These are pretty nifty flashlights! They are super bright but still nice and small. They seem to be very well made.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rhinestone Mom", "review_date": "on August 2, 2017"}, "thatdude5": {"title": "Buy It. You'll love it.", "review": "It just arrived this morning.  After first glance and touch, I think it's well worth the cost... .  Small, but rugged and with a great design.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "thatdude5", "review_date": "on April 22, 2017"}, "DM": {"title": "Big light, little package", "review": "Great bang for the buck. It provides a lot of light for a product so small.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DM", "review_date": "on January 8, 2018"}, "george": {"title": "came as a 2 pack one flashlight only turns on ...", "review": "came as a 2 pack one flashlight only turns on in dim mode, flash and high mode no longer work, was used on two or three times. The second one still works", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "george", "review_date": "on July 24, 2017"}, "Sutiikare": {"title": "They are decent!", "review": "They work well, lightweight and somewhat powerful. They do the job. Good on the battery also.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sutiikare", "review_date": "on October 24, 2017"}, "Kasey": {"title": "... when they were only $8 They are such a great value and only take one AA battery", "review": "I bought these (2) when they were only $8  They are such a great value and only take one AA battery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kasey", "review_date": "on September 24, 2017"}, "A. Carroll": {"title": "Rockbirds LED Flashlight - small but mighty", "review": "Excellent product at an excellent price!  Arrived on time and was as described.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A. Carroll", "review_date": "on December 23, 2017"}, "sailr": {"title": "Great, strong flashlight.", "review": "Small and convenient. Can never have enough flashlights in case of emergency.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "sailr", "review_date": "on December 24, 2017"}, "Ryan M. Couture": {"title": "For the cost, it works quite well", "review": "The flashlight is worth the few dollars as something to tuck away in the utility drawer, glove box, or garage.  The quality is what you would expect. It is generally well made, some rougher edges, and a bit of plastic shavings stuck under the lens.  I would prefer a mag light style twist focus to the friction based one they use, but you can't have it all.  Overall, buy one, you won't be disappointed.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ryan M. Couture", "review_date": "on December 2, 2012"}, "Mark K": {"title": "Rockbirds LED small flashlights", "review": "Nice bright little LED flashlights, can't beat them for the price, love the adjust-ability and the different light modes.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mark K", "review_date": "on June 19, 2017"}, "Mr.Charles B. keiper": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "I really like this item..Very light,and strong..Built well,and very handy around the house...I wish i could have 2 more...Thanks..Mr.Keiper!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mr.Charles B. keiper", "review_date": "on April 7, 2017"}, "Bob Money Bob": {"title": "Eh...", "review": "Product is a great flashlight, it's bright and the adjustable focus is cool.However, I purchased this to attach to my picantinny gun mount, and it WILL NOT fit in the standard 1'' flashlight mount.This product came up when I was shopping for gun supplies, so I assumed it would work for that purpose.The flashlight itself is fine, but don't plan on using this as a firearm attachment.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bob Money Bob", "review_date": "on May 28, 2013"}, "nicholas caporusso": {"title": "One Star", "review": "No returns and that's no good", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "nicholas caporusso", "review_date": "on September 2, 2017"}, "Richard Seeley": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "It's exactly as described and I received it quickly.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard Seeley", "review_date": "on April 15, 2018"}, "RavSilver": {"title": "Great Light", "review": "These are great little flashlights. Very compact and very bright. Small enough to fit in my pocket; and they are very sturdily built. Recommended.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "RavSilver", "review_date": "on March 9, 2017"}, "Coconut eater": {"title": "It's a great personal LED flashlight that easily fits into a pocket.", "review": "Tiny yet powerful and the battery charge seems to last a long time.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Coconut eater", "review_date": "on February 10, 2018"}, "tay": {"title": "Great flashlights", "review": "These are small and great.  I bought a bunch for small Christmas gifts.  One batch I ordered is different than the other, hence the one star deduction.  The first batch will cycle through 3 modes as you turn it on: low, high, flashing.  The second batch only has on/off - no flashing or varied intensity.For the price, I don't really care which one I get.  I keep on clipped to the visor of our cars, just in case.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tay", "review_date": "on January 6, 2013"}, "Pat Smith": {"title": "great if you want to warm your hands in say-Alaska", "review": "When using for any amount of time these get really warm in your hand, great if you want to warm your hands in say-Alaska!", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Pat Smith", "review_date": "on June 9, 2017"}, "Edward McCarthy": {"title": "... bought a pair similar to these previously and really like the design", "review": "I had bought a pair similar to these previously and really like the design. This brand however was cheapened considerably. I was not impressed with the switch most of all. Being not as crisp as the other brand.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Edward McCarthy", "review_date": "on March 5, 2017"}, "SusanF": {"title": "Very efficient and versatile little flashlights.", "review": "Great little flashlights with good power and variable light beam to fit different situations. They were very useful and efficient in a power outage during a hurricane. I ordered two more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "SusanF", "review_date": "on September 13, 2017"}, "Jennifer": {"title": "Very small which was awesome and it was doing what I bought it for ...", "review": "Very small which was awesome and it was doing what I bought it for until the light stopped turning on. Flashlights seem to have a mind of there own. These would work good for around the house and emergency use but not for any type of work/long periods of off and on usage.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jennifer", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Partyof7": {"title": "Small and bright", "review": "These lights are handheld lights and pretty bright. Easy to grip and can conveniently be stored just about anywhere. Good buy!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Partyof7", "review_date": "on May 6, 2017"}, "Healthnut": {"title": "The price for these was great. For such a tiny item", "review": "The price for these was great.  For such a tiny item, they are very bright.  Great in case of a hurricane when candles just won't do.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Healthnut", "review_date": "on November 16, 2017"}, "Happy": {"title": "Changed battery stopped working", "review": "Don't use to often very bright.Broken spring not making good contact. After changing battery.iI initially gave it 5 Stars but changed it after it stopped.working.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Happy", "review_date": "on January 17, 2017"}, "Michael": {"title": "They work.  Inexpensive but don't feel cheap.", "review": "Bright little flashlights that feel very substantial for such a low cost.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "J. Madsen": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Really bright for the size one aa battery a plus", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J. Madsen", "review_date": "on April 4, 2018"}, "Michael Mills": {"title": "Great flashlight.", "review": "I use this flashlight for work. It has awesome brightness and uses one AA battery as opposed to the expensive special batteries the tactical flashlights usually take. Works great for up close or zoom it in for distance. Definitely a good buy, especially for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael Mills", "review_date": "on March 5, 2017"}, "CU": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great price, small and very bright- Easy fit in any pocket One can't have too many flashlights", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CU", "review_date": "on October 21, 2017"}, "Bonecat": {"title": "Rockbirds LED Flashlight", "review": "The light is super Bright for its size. I am not sure how long it last on 1 set of batteries yet. I wish it had a rechargeable battery option so I gave it a 4 star.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bonecat", "review_date": "on July 17, 2017"}, "Andrew": {"title": "Love it. Small", "review": "Little cute flesh lights! Love it. Small , handy and great quality.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Andrew", "review_date": "on March 31, 2018"}, "Troy Phillips": {"title": "not bad but not 300 lumens", "review": "these are decent lights for the price but are not 300 lumens more like 100. compared it to a 125 lumens I already have and its not even as bright", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Troy Phillips", "review_date": "on September 26, 2017"}, "Bill Starling": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "They are great for reading a menu in a dark restaurant", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bill Starling", "review_date": "on February 15, 2018"}, "wade alexander wright": {"title": "This flashlight has exceeded my expectations so far, I've ...", "review": "This flashlight has exceeded my expectations so far, I've had it about a month I bought them because I have a lot of AA batteries and they were cheap. I had a similar Cree with rechargeable batteries it lasted three months barely on my last deployment, this one is a month in and going strong,it's been doused in jet fuel and dropped more times then I know but still shines bright for 10 bucks and you get two can't beat it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "wade alexander wright", "review_date": "on April 3, 2017"}, "A. Harkins": {"title": "Fits in my purse", "review": "Perfect size flashlight for my purse and one for my car.  It provides a bright light for such a small flashlight and the price was excellent.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A. Harkins", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "kbn": {"title": "Great flashlights", "review": "These flashlights are the BOMB! Love their size and brilliant light.  Reminds me of the flashlight seen on the tv show CSI.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "kbn", "review_date": "on October 8, 2017"}, "allena": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very good quality lights for the size of flashlight", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "allena", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "A satisfied user": {"title": "I'm going to stick with Streamlight or Surefire. In ...", "review": "I'm going to stick with Streamlight or Surefire. In all fairness the price comparison with this brand and the others isn't a true comparison. I think for an extra flashlight to throw in your vehicle or tool box these work well..", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A satisfied user", "review_date": "on November 26, 2016"}, "Kevin Acharya": {"title": "Best of the best", "review": "Best of the best, use regular AA battery, just one battery. Similar flashlight I had in the past use 3.7v battery. Pain in the neck to get one. So I discarded. This one is the best. I am giving it as a gift to many people. Thanks for designing with common sense battery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kevin Acharya", "review_date": "on September 27, 2017"}, "J. Dodson": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Excellent pocket or purse protection.  We ordered these for the hurricane season.  Perfect.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J. Dodson", "review_date": "on September 21, 2017"}, "Curious John": {"title": "Inexpensive lighting.", "review": "Lite lighting lasting longer liberally.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Curious John", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "B-Rad": {"title": "Don't waste your money", "review": "These things are junk. They work for about 2 minutes and then they die. Not battery dead just dead. Don't waste your money", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "B-Rad", "review_date": "on August 18, 2017"}, "bluedot": {"title": "Batteries not included.", "review": "Nice. Well made. Adjustable lens. Minimal packaging.  Batteries not included.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "bluedot", "review_date": "on October 25, 2017"}, "elanie slade": {"title": "I love these flashlights", "review": "I love these flashlights. I bought for my son who's going on a camping trip. Very compact. Has three different settings.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "elanie slade", "review_date": "on April 18, 2017"}, "don54321": {"title": "Nice Bright flashlight for a single AA NiMH rechargeable.", "review": "Really bright little light with decent battery life considering single AA.  Nice alternative to charging 3 AAA batteries which many use.  When a storm is coming and you want to charge up all your flashlight batteries with a 4 battery charger, you will appreciate the single AA.  Not enough of a light output difference between this and the bigger 3 AAA type to make a difference.  It is a very good quality, good buy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "don54321", "review_date": "on December 8, 2012"}, "Hailing L.": {"title": "good", "review": "works good, I used this during hurricane irma", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Hailing L.", "review_date": "on February 27, 2018"}, "Shirley": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "This was a great buy and they work well.  Good to keep in the car glove box.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Shirley", "review_date": "on October 15, 2017"}, "just joe": {"title": "I donated these to people that needed them in Texas ...", "review": "I donated these to people that needed them in Texas for the hurricane.  I am sure they are getting used", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "just joe", "review_date": "on October 5, 2017"}, "Coz": {"title": "Very good little lights. Nice and bright. Need to buy more of them.", "review": "Very good little lights. Nice and bright. Need to buy more of them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Coz", "review_date": "on November 21, 2017"}, "Nic Ng": {"title": "Bright for small", "review": "It is bright for a little flashlight. I always have it with me. I keep one in the car and one in my bag. I would buy this one again.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nic Ng", "review_date": "on September 22, 2017"}, "Stuart": {"title": "Perfect size and very bright", "review": "Got it for my granddaughter camping trip. Small size which was great and very bright light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Stuart", "review_date": "on February 3, 2018"}, "Mega Matt": {"title": "Two Stars", "review": "These are cheap knockoffs of a more quality product.  Not very bright.  Not worth the money.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mega Matt", "review_date": "on July 29, 2017"}, "Jimbo's Account": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Good flashlights at a good price.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jimbo's Account", "review_date": "on April 14, 2018"}, "Edward F. Powers": {"title": "Small but very bright.", "review": "Small but very bright. Bought four and keep in various places around house!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Edward F. Powers", "review_date": "on October 6, 2017"}, "Serpico322": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Good quality construction, bright light, working with no issues, using for hiking, back packing and on the nightstand", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Serpico322", "review_date": "on November 4, 2017"}, "Steve": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Fantastic value.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Steve", "review_date": "on February 19, 2015"}, "Sherbear": {"title": "They feel nice and hefty feel like theyre powerful", "review": "WOW are these bright. Theyre small but they pack quite the punch. They feel nice and hefty feel like theyre powerful. 10/10 i love em", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sherbear", "review_date": "on January 15, 2017"}, "Megan": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Have to press the button repeatedly to cycle through the options.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Megan", "review_date": "on November 1, 2017"}, "Douglas": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "THEY PUT THE OLD FLASH LITES TO SHAME. I HAVE BOUGHT MANY", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Douglas", "review_date": "on December 4, 2017"}, "Harsha B": {"title": "Quality small size flashlights", "review": "The build quality is great and they were very useful during Hurricane Harvey but one of the flashlight in the 2-pack was defective and is hard to get it working.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Harsha B", "review_date": "on November 1, 2017"}, "smokey": {"title": "One Star", "review": "i have to buy batteries  china junk", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "smokey", "review_date": "on April 8, 2018"}, "Eric": {"title": "Works great", "review": "Very bright and compact", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Eric", "review_date": "on September 21, 2017"}, "KMS Squared": {"title": "Nice flashlight, Good value", "review": "Nice flashlight, Good value", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KMS Squared", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "D,G.G.": {"title": "They are easy to use and provide sufficient light despite their small ...", "review": "All six flashlights worked perfectly out of the box and allows us to have quality flashlights in multiple rooms around the house.  They are easy to use and provide sufficient light despite their small form factor.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D,G.G.", "review_date": "on October 8, 2017"}, "GottaBlast": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "They work great and it only takes one battery but it is nothing special", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "GottaBlast", "review_date": "on October 1, 2017"}, "James B.": {"title": "Great price on this two pack", "review": "these babies are bright and do not really go through the batteries. Great price on this two pack.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James B.", "review_date": "on September 1, 2017"}, "CatCollins": {"title": "Perfect", "review": "Great product! These things are amazingly bright. I also like that you can adjust the beam from a smaller, focused beam to a wider beam.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CatCollins", "review_date": "on December 20, 2016"}, "Robert E. Kirk": {"title": "BRIGHT!", "review": "This is one bad a$$ flashlight. Blows away led lights 10 to 1. I used to like the free Harbor Freight LEd's but compared to this flashlight they are pretty useless. The zoom is super bright to about 60 feet or more. Very well constructed and fits in my front pocket. I ordered 4 extra to replace all of the other flashlights I own. The price is fantastic.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert E. Kirk", "review_date": "on October 9, 2013"}, "La Caba\u00f1a": {"title": "Solidly-Constructed Mini Flashlights", "review": "This is a pair of solidly constructed, bright mini flashlights.Plan to leave one home and use the other for travel.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "La Caba\u00f1a", "review_date": "on October 11, 2017"}, "mr. o": {"title": "Great light!", "review": "Great bang for your buck! I have 6. There are made in china of course. It seems to me that many different Distrubuting Co's sell this exact light under different names but all are the same, cause I have 6 from 3 different Co's. My local hardware store sells this for $10. plus tax. Only negative is out of the 6 one may have a switch problem.  Keep one every place you are. Price is great.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mr. o", "review_date": "on August 1, 2013"}, "Davey B.": {"title": "Nice budget flashlight, but needs lithium battery to really come alive", "review": "I've owned three of these flashlights to date. The first one lasted about 9 months. I used it on the job, working in mechanical and boiler rooms, and it had a couple of moderate falls (4 feet or less). It continued working after those falls, but one day I found it simply wouldn't turn on. Looking inside the battery tube, it looks as if the surface where the positive terminal of the battery is supposed to contact has been worn away. Can't say for sure what happened, but I ordered two to replace it. They are cheap enough that I'd rather have a backup than have one fail and be caught without a light source.These are very tactical looking, but they are NOT built with tactical uses in mind. I certainly wouldn't trust my life to one of these lights. They are great for the money, but you do get what you pay for. Speaking of which, this light is nowhere near 300 lumens on a standard AA alkaline battery. With a lithium battery, it's definitely brighter, but it's still not 300 lumens. I'd highly recommend using a lithium cell with this light, both for the brightness advantages and for the ability to recharge your battery since these will run through a standard AA decently quick.Last thing to mention - I LOVE the beam adjustment of this light. It's extremely easy to operate one-handed, and you can change the focus of the beam very quickly since you are pushing/pulling the lens assembly instead of turning it. This also lends itself well to being able to maintain a better grip on the light while adjusting the beam. At the tightest focus, you do get a square light pattern like you see in some of the customer images, but I've grown to like that. On a dark night, it's like having a miniature spot light, the beam focuses so tightly.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Davey B.", "review_date": "on October 6, 2013"}, "Rob in So. Calif": {"title": "Very Nice Flashlight(s)", "review": "This small flashlight is small and shines very bight. Great deal for 2 Flashlights!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rob in So. Calif", "review_date": "on July 21, 2017"}, "Dagny": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little flashlights, make good gifts.  Sturdy and provide bright light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dagny", "review_date": "on September 2, 2017"}, "cb": {"title": "brite lite", "review": "awesome  little  lights", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "cb", "review_date": "on April 3, 2018"}, "Cwazy Wabbit": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very nice, works great", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cwazy Wabbit", "review_date": "on April 11, 2018"}, "Jessbandit": {"title": "Handy lil light", "review": "I got them today n love them. Small n handy. I put one in my daughters car", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jessbandit", "review_date": "on September 1, 2017"}, "B D": {"title": "nice and bright for as small as they are,", "review": "I like these little light, bought for the tool box, and are bright,", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "B D", "review_date": "on September 22, 2017"}, "Sarah ": {"title": "and I love that it comes in a pair", "review": "Small, incredibly bright, and I love that it comes in a pair.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sarah ", "review_date": "on December 14, 2017"}, "Shopping": {"title": "Great little flashlight", "review": "It is a pleasant surprise to see so much value in such a little package.  I have no way of confirming if it's 300 lums or not.  But I can say that it is far brighter than other LED lights.  Unlike other LEDs, this has a very white light without a blue tinge. My version does only on/off, I tried as one of the reviewer has posted in the video.  I purchased it from Warm-Mart.Shipping took about 3 weeks to arrive at the east coast.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Shopping", "review_date": "on November 19, 2012"}, "Heather": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "When I click the button it shines brightly", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Heather", "review_date": "on April 8, 2018"}, "Justin": {"title": "Good light for the money", "review": "The specs on this light say \"up to 300 lumens\" but that is ONLY if you use a 14500 li-ion cell, not a regular AA battery and even then the light is still not 300 lumens, more like 200 but still nice and bright for a $5 light. A 14500 cell is the same size as your average AA battery, but provides almost twice the power and are also rechargeable.  IMPORTANT: If you decide to purchase a 14500 cell PLEASE buy a high quality one such as AW brand and make sure it is a PROTECTED 14500 CELL, and stay away from the xxxxxfire brands commonly found on eBay as these cells can be very dangerous. Please do some research on li-ion  cells before buying them. Other than that, great little light :)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Justin", "review_date": "on November 10, 2012"}, "Daniel F. Kent": {"title": "Great little flashlights", "review": "They work great, my some love them. Had a little problem figuring them out, but good now.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Daniel F. Kent", "review_date": "on June 8, 2017"}, "Blam": {"title": "This is my 4th one I bought!", "review": "These are great, I have 4 and use them daily.  Co-workers are jealous because they are actually great lights at a great price. 100x better than those cheap LED lights you but at certain (cheap) stores.  I have dropped mine from over 10 feet and they still work like a champ!  The best part is you can put a rechargeable AA batteries in this bad boy and save a lotta $ in the long run. Price has gone up quite a bit since I bought them , otherwise I would have bought more for my co-workers...", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Blam", "review_date": "on January 30, 2013"}, "Adam de Garis": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "nice for a small every day use", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Adam de Garis", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "Johnny K.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "pleased with purchase, just as described", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Johnny K.", "review_date": "on January 7, 2018"}, "Scott": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little flashlight, very bright, will buy again.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Scott", "review_date": "on April 16, 2018"}, "Chris C.": {"title": "Very good value", "review": "Given its sub $7 price tag, I bought this thinking having another flashlight never hurts - so definitely not expecting much. All this changed as soon as I took took delivery and fired it up - this is a well-made, very bright flashlight! The adjustable beam is a nice feature, but overall, solid construction, brighter beam than a few other LED flashlights I own which costs 3-4X. Excellent value.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chris C.", "review_date": "on January 14, 2013"}, "Mike": {"title": "One out of the two works. It did not ...", "review": "One out of the two works. It did not light up when the battery was a applied.  It just over heated.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mike", "review_date": "on May 1, 2017"}, "Robert Ackerman": {"title": "Love the AA battery size", "review": "very bright. Love the AA battery size. I assume it can burn for many hours?", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert Ackerman", "review_date": "on September 21, 2017"}, "GREGORY TEEUWEN": {"title": "They work pretty good. Didn't blow me away", "review": "They work pretty good. Didn't blow me away, and they seem fragile (although it is fair to say that I have NOT tested how tough they are).", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "GREGORY TEEUWEN", "review_date": "on April 16, 2018"}, "a.miller": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "you get what pay for", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "a.miller", "review_date": "on March 25, 2018"}, "Guy Moore": {"title": "great, small but powerful", "review": "great ,  small but powerful .", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Guy Moore", "review_date": "on February 16, 2018"}, "FreeFlow": {"title": "Bright LED Flashlight", "review": "The lights are great LED lights. They came in handy during a recent camping trip and a late night going trip. Great Bargain!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "FreeFlow", "review_date": "on August 18, 2017"}, "hellokitty": {"title": "good deal work great and seem very durable thx", "review": "these lights work great  nice and bright good to keep in auto just  incase thx", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "hellokitty", "review_date": "on July 5, 2017"}, "N. J. LACROSS": {"title": "Absolute must have for anyone who needs a flash light ever.", "review": "This flash light is pretty ridiculous. It's very powerful for its size and its single battery seems to last it forever. I even like to use this as a little portable lamp in my room at night time, and i have left it on all night before by accident and still didn't have to replace the battery.This product is highly recommended.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "N. J. LACROSS", "review_date": "on November 24, 2013"}, "Rose Williams": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Love these flashlights! It does everything it said it would do!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rose Williams", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Bookworm32": {"title": "One Star", "review": "One worked and the other would not.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bookworm32", "review_date": "on September 20, 2017"}, "ELWJR": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Works as advertised. No issues.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ELWJR", "review_date": "on January 11, 2018"}, "Bobby Dunn": {"title": "Bright, cheap, and pretty well made", "review": "I ordered one of these for each of our cars along with a pack of the 14500 Li Ion batteries from fleabay.  It works really well and seems pretty well constructed.  I like being able to use the Li Ion for rechargeable and extra brightness and the AA for quick and easy power anywhere.  The only complaint I can think of is the zoom is a little cheap feeling, but not terrible.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bobby Dunn", "review_date": "on December 21, 2012"}, "Jullia": {"title": "This product came quickly and in perfect condition. Easy to use", "review": "This product came quickly and in perfect condition. Easy to use, accurate, durable, and very useful in our camping night. Great buy.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jullia", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Abdullah": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "i like this flashlight, its size and weight are perfect for its performance", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Abdullah", "review_date": "on August 1, 2017"}, "J. Dal": {"title": "Right Size", "review": "Right size. Easy to store in small emergency bag.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J. Dal", "review_date": "on October 19, 2017"}, "Leslie Dixon": {"title": "Best $4.00 dollar light we have had.", "review": "After getting screwed by the seller Vaya I bought this 2 pack. Not bad for a $4 flashlight. The clips are strong, might have to modify the clip. I'm happy with this product. Get what you pay for. I waited nearly 2 months for the Vaya and never did get it. This one I got overnight.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Leslie Dixon", "review_date": "on February 13, 2017"}, "stevi": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "fantastic lights! great value super bright.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "stevi", "review_date": "on November 20, 2017"}, "Lobsta": {"title": "Little blowtorches.", "review": "These units are very bright and powerful. Small but mighty. Fits in a glove box very well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lobsta", "review_date": "on April 23, 2017"}, "J. King": {"title": "Good to have as backups around the house or for", "review": "Very inexpensive and bright. Good to have as backups around the house or for camping", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J. King", "review_date": "on May 19, 2017"}, "Tina Silmon": {"title": "These flashlights had high and low beam as well flashers ...", "review": "These flashlights had high and low beam as well flashers...my only complaint their size..looking at the picture,I was expecting something bigger.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tina Silmon", "review_date": "on September 12, 2017"}, "sgtrvn1": {"title": "absolutely  amazing", "review": "Amazing,,,,,,i vowed never to buy anything from China again. But when a friend showed me this I was amazed. It produces the light of a flashlight three times its size. I bought five. Same quality, same light, same durability. I intend to buy more. I put one in the car, house, attic, and gave away the other two. Buy this, you can't go wrong.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "sgtrvn1", "review_date": "on November 9, 2013"}, "mdnike": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great product", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mdnike", "review_date": "on March 15, 2018"}, "Roxanne Hayes": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These are great. Experienced a power outage. We're very helpful.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Roxanne Hayes", "review_date": "on August 31, 2017"}, "Guy": {"title": "I like the size and that it takes just one AA ...", "review": "One of the two lights had a defective switch. The one working light is lower quality than similar products I have seen, but is bright enough. I like the size and that it takes just one AA battery. I'll keep this in my office for emergency use during power outages.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Guy", "review_date": "on September 18, 2017"}, "Business mother": {"title": "Nice", "review": "Nice little flashlights... they have a distress flash as well as a dim and bright light!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Business mother", "review_date": "on April 18, 2017"}, "Woodyard61": {"title": "Not for use with Vampires.", "review": "I use this to fend off the demons that haunt me. Works good.  So far, I am demon-less.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Woodyard61", "review_date": "on April 28, 2017"}, "Peggy Lankford": {"title": "Good Deal!", "review": "These are very nice, sturdy little flashlights, and it's hard to beat the price. They might not be as bright as other flashlights, but they certainly put out enough light for my needs.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Peggy Lankford", "review_date": "on September 26, 2017"}, "J J": {"title": "Don\u2019t like the strobe light function", "review": "One would not work. Amazon returned it. Don\u2019t like the strobe light function.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J J", "review_date": "on October 21, 2017"}, "tnymnfrt": {"title": "great", "review": "unbelievable how bright for a little light with rechargeable battery. great price", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tnymnfrt", "review_date": "on May 23, 2017"}, "The_cool_crat": {"title": "Solid", "review": "These things are quality, didn't even know they had three light settings with purchase, pleasant surprise. Gonna buy my brother a couple", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "The_cool_crat", "review_date": "on May 4, 2017"}, "FaCS teacher": {"title": "simply works", "review": "For something as inexpensive as this was, it works well.  The clip on it is the one thing that distinguishes it form most of the other ones I see.  It has a very bright light.  The only problem I had was mine, not the products - it took me a while to figure out where and how to get it open to stick a battery in it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "FaCS teacher", "review_date": "on January 24, 2014"}, "floyd morris": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Good little flash light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "floyd morris", "review_date": "on April 4, 2018"}, "K. Larson": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very well made aluminum lights for a great price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "K. Larson", "review_date": "on September 28, 2017"}, "~Peter": {"title": "Generally, I think this lot of Cree Q5 LED was of poor quality (2nds or worse) ...", "review": "I've now ordered 90+ of these Q5 flashlights as gifs and personal ise from several different vendors here on Amazon.com.Generally, I've been quite pleased with the quality and price.That said, the Cree Q5 adjustable focus LED flashlights I received from this vendor are of poor quality overall.I ordered 20 of the flashlights and 15 of them must have been seconds or even third quality.The hex head screws on some of the clips have been replaced with Phillips head screws and even these Phillips head screws were damaged from the install .... like they were forced in.Some of the lights have mix-n-match screws, others not.  Many of the lights showed scratches from previous use.  Not what I expected ... not even close.Even the boxed packaging with bubblewarap inserts shows signs of previous use - tape pulled off, crushed, etc.Generally, I think this lot of Cree Q5 LED was of poor quality (2nds or worse) as I said above.I personally wouldn't order from this vendor ever again - no mater what the price stated.BEWARE, some of the vendors for these flashlights are better that others ... this one seems to sell items of poor quality and passes them off as 1st quality. They are not even close.I hope this information from an experienced customer of these flashlights helps.I read these reviews to help me make an informed decision - I hope you do as well.  They have proved quite handy.If I should receive any satisfaction from this seller I will do what I can to update this review to something better.I don't expect that I will though.  We'll see ...Others I have ordered from have received rave to good reviews - quite the opposite with this seller.  D+ at best.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "~Peter", "review_date": "on November 26, 2013"}, "gary": {"title": "one broke the other was lost", "review": "one broke  the other was lost", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "gary", "review_date": "on December 21, 2017"}, "Charles Harris": {"title": "Good buy", "review": "i ordered 2 of these due to the price. I thought what the heck, if they are no good i havent lost much. Surprisingly, these little flashlights are pretty damned good. You can adjust the beam from wide to very focused and when focused it goes a long way.Not the best flashlight ive seen or own, but it appears to be well constructed....Good buy for the money.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Charles Harris", "review_date": "on January 10, 2013"}, "CC": {"title": "Great little light!", "review": "Very bright and compact.  Work great around the grill.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CC", "review_date": "on September 22, 2017"}, "Stratto4": {"title": "Rockbirds LED Flashlight", "review": "Perfect size for evening walks!  Nice and bright for the size!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Stratto4", "review_date": "on July 28, 2017"}, "kennemar": {"title": "Good Value", "review": "This is an excellent flashlight for the money. I ended up buying three more after my original purchase and have stashed the spares in my car, in my work vest, and in my kitchen. The beam is adjustable so you can light up everything in front of you or something off in the distance. Such a good value for this thing. I'll probably end up ordering more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "kennemar", "review_date": "on May 29, 2014"}, "Spunos": {"title": "Solid", "review": "goes perfectly with my bug out bag", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Spunos", "review_date": "on December 2, 2017"}, "Eric Castillo": {"title": "Good deal!", "review": "The flashlights are light weight and very bright. Once you put the battery on it's a bit difficult to put the bottom back on. But it's a clear white light and not that yellow hue. So it's a great find especially since you get two! I use them when I'm walking around at night and it doesn't take up space at all.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Eric Castillo", "review_date": "on March 7, 2017"}, "D. Agnone": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These lights are EXCELLENT for the price!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D. Agnone", "review_date": "on November 26, 2017"}, "Joseph Liu": {"title": "Poor quality", "review": "The button doesn't seem to have an actuation point so you seem to have to press rather firmly to change light settings but some times it actuates with little pressure. Edges on the frame feel uncomfortable.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Joseph Liu", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Duane R. Collie": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Terrific lights you can carry for a walk, etc.  Fits in your pocket. Recommended.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Duane R. Collie", "review_date": "on October 13, 2017"}, "lori ann": {"title": "Great product", "review": "Light is bright, material is good and it worked as advertised", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "lori ann", "review_date": "on December 21, 2017"}, "Big Al": {"title": "better than expected", "review": "I was skeptical at first that it would be close to meeting expectations but after using it for a couple of weeks, the battery life is pretty good considering it only uses one AA battery.  The light is focused and very bright.  I did not purchase the 3.7v battery so I don't know if it could reach the super brightness but it is really bright, exp considering it only has one battery.  For the price, this is a great. I will be ordering more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Big Al", "review_date": "on November 27, 2012"}, "patrick": {"title": "Best frickin lil light at great price you can see ...", "review": "Best frickin lil light at great price you can see 300 feet in the dark I have bought over 20 of them . JUST AWESOME PRODUCT", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "patrick", "review_date": "on September 8, 2017"}, "jadek38": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Works well. Thank you.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jadek38", "review_date": "on January 2, 2018"}, "Coach Rick": {"title": "Plenty of light from this 'little guy'.", "review": "My Darling just rolls her eyes when another flashlight shows up at the door :)  .  For the price, we can put one of these in each vehicle(within driver's reach AND in the cargo area, so TWO in each vehicle) and all the other locations where I want a flashlight within arms length.From a design standpoint, the clip on this light is extremely tight and forcing this over a pocket flap or slash pocket could result in some serious wear on the fabric, not to mention finger tips.  The tactical grippy ribs just below the clip are darned pronounced, so it takes a bit of 'doing' to use the clip effectively.  I don't commonly use the clip...I'll just carry the light or leave it in my pocket when not in use.  I use this frequently when walking the Scottie-girl Katie.  Naturally, it's not as bright as some of my 3xAAA lights; but this packs a might punch for its size.  The focus feature is a little slippy, but it does the job if you're willing to hold it in place OR set the light in a stationary position.I haven't had one of these 'conk out' on me like so many other inexpensive lights.  This is a great value for this type of light, IMO.  Great stocking stuffer or just a very useful item for the backpack, purse, car, utility drawer, tool box, etc, etc.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Coach Rick", "review_date": "on November 29, 2012"}, "Jason Graf": {"title": "Impressed flashlight", "review": "As I received flashlight, I was impressed with the solid metal construction. After inserting 1 AA battery, a very bright light was emitted with a push of the orange rubber button on the end. Pulling on the head adjusts the focus of the beam, which can be adjusted to either be very tight or spread out. I highly recommend this to someone looking for a nice looking metal construction compact flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jason Graf", "review_date": "on November 30, 2016"}, "William Lee Hannibal": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "It would've been nice if you could've adjusted the size of the light ? But still enjoy the light.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "William Lee Hannibal", "review_date": "on July 28, 2017"}, "C G": {"title": "great little light for working on cars underneath them it ...", "review": "great little light for working on cars underneath them it is very durable light takes a lot of abuse thankyou.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "C G", "review_date": "on December 9, 2016"}, "O. Andino": {"title": "Great flashligths", "review": "Highly potent beams, sturdy and compact, great flashligths.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "O. Andino", "review_date": "on November 20, 2017"}, "Ed G": {"title": "Nice", "review": "Good solid little flashlight.The thing I really like about it is the amount of light it puts out.I ended up getting 4.One for the house,one for my truck and two for gifts.When I bought them they came from China with free shipping.It took like 4 weeks to get here but 4 flashlights for less than $12", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ed G", "review_date": "on March 22, 2014"}, "RMSMITH": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "I installed the batteries and they both worked great.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "RMSMITH", "review_date": "on August 15, 2017"}, "creekapeake": {"title": "Works great. I like having only one AA batter to ...", "review": "Works great.  I like having only one AA batter to replace.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "creekapeake", "review_date": "on October 19, 2017"}, "Nic": {"title": "Not the brightest", "review": "Not as bright I thought it would have but works good.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nic", "review_date": "on August 7, 2017"}, "SilentMira": {"title": "Bright, efficient, easy to use.", "review": "Very bright and efficient. Easy to use.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "SilentMira", "review_date": "on October 4, 2017"}, "tom": {"title": "Light 'em up up up!!!", "review": "Really impressed with this flashlight given the small size of it.  It's adjustable so you can extend the front of it to light up more surface area or return it to normal position for more direct light.  It also has a \"strobe mode\" where it flashes very quickly...you know, in case you want to have a dance party with it.In all seriousness, you can't go wrong this little guy...The casing is also very solid and the quality is there, doesn't feel cheap whatsoever.2 Thumbs up!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tom", "review_date": "on August 26, 2013"}, "tbrat": {"title": "Great", "review": "Small and powerful", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tbrat", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Mary": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Too small for regular use. They are listed as  mini though.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mary", "review_date": "on July 10, 2017"}, "JoBean": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very bright and good for the price!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JoBean", "review_date": "on October 23, 2017"}, "LCB": {"title": "Great light", "review": "This was a daily deal.  Gave one to my husband-he loves it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "LCB", "review_date": "on July 10, 2017"}, "iamjosearchila": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "GReat Product!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "iamjosearchila", "review_date": "on February 11, 2018"}, "Seve": {"title": "Not as bright as expected. One very irritating feature ...", "review": "Not as bright as expected. One very irritating feature is that pressing the ON button cycles through the flashlight's modes. So, whenever you turn it on, it turns on in low light, strobe, or high (in that order).", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Seve", "review_date": "on September 11, 2017"}, "David H.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great, sturdy little light for the money. A lot of light from such a small flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David H.", "review_date": "on June 16, 2017"}, "Josh": {"title": "Sun in your pocket.", "review": "Super bright, can be focused down to a small point. 3 modes: super bright, not quite so bright and flashing. Come with no instructions of any kind, even the box the light comes in has no writing. Not that there's a lot to figure out; battery goes in, push button to light/change mode. Great light, great price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Josh", "review_date": "on April 21, 2013"}, "Bradey Christensen": {"title": "The one that does is mediocre at best.", "review": "Only one works. The one that does is mediocre at best.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bradey Christensen", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "jesus de la torre": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great for hikes. Light. Easy to use", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jesus de la torre", "review_date": "on January 13, 2018"}, "Gordon M.": {"title": "This is ONE HECK OF A TORCH!!! I'm a Computer IT and personally recommend this!!", "review": "I work on the field all day long, and can tell you I wouldn't sell or change this Torch for ANYTHING (well OK, maybe a million dollars).I'm serious, this thing will light up an entire case, heck even an entire 25ft sq. room. You wouldn't believe the density of this thing and the the illumination power. WOW!! Extremely pleased!!!!!! A+++", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gordon M.", "review_date": "on December 21, 2012"}, "MR C.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Works great, small, light and bright,", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MR C.", "review_date": "on September 21, 2017"}, "loudheart": {"title": "Two Stars", "review": "It's okay.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "loudheart", "review_date": "on April 4, 2018"}, "randomdude1978": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Good flashlights so far. touch design. bright light.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "randomdude1978", "review_date": "on July 11, 2017"}, "Salman Farooq": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "One out of 4 light was bad, other than that was ok.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Salman Farooq", "review_date": "on July 24, 2017"}, "chelsea": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Weird it doesn't come with batteries", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "chelsea", "review_date": "on September 19, 2017"}, "Kasa R. Reid": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Theses are very nice soon buy some more", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kasa R. Reid", "review_date": "on October 1, 2017"}, "jamie fiore": {"title": "Great lights", "review": "Very bright and durable", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jamie fiore", "review_date": "on November 18, 2017"}, "M. Brown": {"title": "Bargain LED Flashlight.", "review": "For $4.50? This is nuts. One for each car.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M. Brown", "review_date": "on September 1, 2017"}, "Richard": {"title": "They're decent little lights", "review": "for the price its worth it. no batteries included.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard", "review_date": "on July 16, 2017"}, "CL0338745": {"title": "Very small in size", "review": "VERY small in size (like 3 inches at most). Good for purses or kids backpacks.They work well tho.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CL0338745", "review_date": "on November 4, 2017"}, "Jonathan N.": {"title": "Don't pass em up", "review": "Bright, nice portable size.  they fit in my glove box.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jonathan N.", "review_date": "on June 23, 2017"}, "Se'iz Mir Gitt": {"title": "handy small flashlight", "review": "For the price I paid, I got a lot of 'bang for my buck'. Metal casing feels strong, only uses 1 battery, it has 2 brightness settings plus a blinking setting, you can adjust the size of the beam, includes a pocket clip and fits in the palm of your hand. I wouldn't recommend it for heavy duty use since it will get lost due to it's size, the adjustable tip will come off and it's not very bright, but for around the house its great.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Se'iz Mir Gitt", "review_date": "on December 15, 2013"}, "Charlie": {"title": "SODIAL(TM) 7w 300lm Mini Cree Led Flashlight Torch Adjustable Focus Zoom...", "review": "I liked the price of these lights and from after reading some reviews on them compared to other led lights, I thought I would give it a shot and try them out.  I bought two of them and I wish I would have bought 4.  The only issue I can see is that they came from China and by the time they showed up, I had forgot about them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Charlie", "review_date": "on May 26, 2013"}, "Paul Rodas": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Fair value, very cheap and functional.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Paul Rodas", "review_date": "on August 28, 2017"}, "Emonroe": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great product, well worth the money....", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Emonroe", "review_date": "on September 7, 2017"}, "Tiffany Best": {"title": "Super powerful and bright.", "review": "Awesome little flashlights. Super powerful and bright. Would recommend.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tiffany Best", "review_date": "on October 4, 2017"}, "Lisa": {"title": "Bright", "review": "Really bright,  especially for the size.  Took them camping for the weekend,  they worked great!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lisa", "review_date": "on May 2, 2017"}, "Angie S.": {"title": "I love", "review": "Bright, small, adjustable.  I love these", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Angie S.", "review_date": "on November 7, 2017"}, "Larry basile": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Ok nothing spectacular", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Larry basile", "review_date": "on October 29, 2017"}, "EischMan": {"title": "You get what you pay for!", "review": "Used around 10 times, already stopped working, when you can get it to turn on it goes from high to low to flashing all by its self!", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "EischMan", "review_date": "on July 29, 2017"}, "Deb Mino": {"title": "Great little gadget", "review": "Very practical flashlight. Comes in handy  for this nurse!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Deb Mino", "review_date": "on April 3, 2018"}, "Glenn Sanders": {"title": "smaller than expected", "review": "good lights and feel sturdy but way smaller than expected.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Glenn Sanders", "review_date": "on September 9, 2017"}, "Baby_Leroy": {"title": "Nice light", "review": "Got the light after like a month but that was expected after reading the other reviews. The first thing I noticed is the wight of the light. It feels solid and of nice construction. I then noticed a long scratch on the plastic lens. I wrote to the seller hoping that I can get a replacement lens. It is very bright even with just a normal AA and not any special lithium battery. I like the three settings (high, low, and strobe) It also has O-rings on all of the seams so it might be somewhat water resistant but probably only to the extent that it an be used in light rain without breaking. The front of the light could be used as a glass break if it was necessary since it is sharp and just long enough it it is held right.TL;DR nice light, takes long to receive, came with scratched plastic lens, good deal.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Baby_Leroy", "review_date": "on February 13, 2013"}, "Garden Walk": {"title": "but very good light source", "review": "Wish they were smaller, but very good light source, and good price. Would buy again.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Garden Walk", "review_date": "on January 17, 2017"}, "jaybird38": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great deal on a 4 pack. Light works good.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jaybird38", "review_date": "on October 1, 2017"}, "Only in Virginia": {"title": "Love em", "review": "What a great price you just can't beat it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Only in Virginia", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "Red Shoe Lover": {"title": "This is the best little flashlight", "review": "This is the best little flashlight.  It is so bight and such a good size for my purse.  I gave the other one to a friend, who was delighted to receive it.I love it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Red Shoe Lover", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "Harold Garner": {"title": "Work well and are sturdy.", "review": "They are low cost. run on regular alkaline batteries, put out a surprising amount of light without sucking all the juice out of it's battery quickly and they are just the right size. The light spot is evenly distributed, useful, and adjustable to boot. Worth what I paid.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Harold Garner", "review_date": "on June 14, 2014"}, "steve": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Very good.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "steve", "review_date": "on November 20, 2017"}, "edward chambers": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "great", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "edward chambers", "review_date": "on December 11, 2017"}, "Sean L. Merritt": {"title": "Very good lights", "review": "Very good lights use them to look into computers and copiers. Came in real handy during the tropical storm..", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sean L. Merritt", "review_date": "on October 3, 2017"}, "John": {"title": "Nice build quality - good value", "review": "Uses 1 AA battery which is why I bought it.  AAA batterys are too weak for consideration.Seems bright enough.  I'll likely buy another one.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John", "review_date": "on March 29, 2013"}, "loveldo": {"title": "Light", "review": "great value", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "loveldo", "review_date": "on November 11, 2017"}, "DOUGLAS  W.  BRESCHINI": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Awesome Product works really good.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DOUGLAS  W.  BRESCHINI", "review_date": "on August 8, 2017"}, "Michael N. Marcus": {"title": "lights up my life", "review": "I'm amazed that something so cool can be so inexpensive.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael N. Marcus", "review_date": "on May 3, 2017"}, "Hack": {"title": "Buy in bulk", "review": "Never can have enough flashlights!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Hack", "review_date": "on July 24, 2017"}, "PB": {"title": "Everyone should have a few!", "review": "Although I'd read good reviews of these, I didn't expect all that much from a $5 flashlight. But I needed something like this to keep in the car and figured it'd be OK for that sort of occasional use. It took several weeks to arrive and was very simply packaged. When I unwrapped it, though, I was impressed by the heft and workmanship. Then I popped in a battery and, wow, it was amazingly bright! I was also happy to find that it focused easily, allowing for a wide, soft beam or a narrow, sharp one that could illuminate things at a considerable distance. A friend was so impressed, I immediately ordered another for him.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "PB", "review_date": "on March 4, 2013"}, "Lantana Al": {"title": "Nice little light", "review": "I bought two of these. They are nice little lights, using only one AA battery. I'd say they're pretty bright for the size and for only using one AA. Build quality is pretty good, definitely can't complain for the price. The focus zoom is handy. You won't get 300 lumens with regular AA alkaline batteries though. Overall 4 stars.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lantana Al", "review_date": "on November 5, 2012"}, "Will's Review": {"title": "Super Bright and very high quality tactical flashlight!", "review": "Rockbirds LED Flashlight is a very high quality, heavy duty, and super bright tactical flashlight.  Extremely satisfied with this product!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Will's Review", "review_date": "on April 9, 2017"}, "Man Day": {"title": "Great deal. Size and weight have made them a ...", "review": "Great deal. Size and weight have made them a go to light for camping, hiking, or working around the yard/home.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Man Day", "review_date": "on December 20, 2017"}, "HG": {"title": "Bright", "review": "Great gifts", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "HG", "review_date": "on October 26, 2017"}, "Ryan J. Brown": {"title": "Works very well with AA, with TrustFire 14500 this is unbelieveable", "review": "Works very well with AA, with TrustFire 14500 this is unbelieveable, definitely the brightest flashlight I have seen with the lion.  I'm not to worried about fire/explosion since this only uses one cell.  Bought two of these, two 14500 batteries, and two handlebar mounts for riding at night and am happy with the results.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ryan J. Brown", "review_date": "on March 15, 2013"}, "Customer": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These are great", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Customer", "review_date": "on October 6, 2017"}, "Jamie Naylor": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very bright", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jamie Naylor", "review_date": "on October 23, 2017"}, "Zeebop9": {"title": "More than 45 days to get item....", "review": "After more than 30 days of waiting (I ordered these in November) I finally wrote to the company and told them that I stilldid not receive my flashlights. They wrote back the next day and seemed friendly and helpful.They said items may have been lost in shipping. They asked if I wanted a refund or to resend items.I said resend as I already waited this long. Finally after more than 45 days I finally received these babies.You really can't go wrong for the price (at the time I paid $4.99 each)  They're very bright and handyaround the house and car. I'm an avid fan of Fenix Flashlights so you really can't comparethese to Fenix products but I was pleasantly surprised to see how good the quality build is.3 modes: bright, medium and strobe. From flood to spotlight with an easy flick of your finger.So if you can wait forever to get these, I would recommend them as they only use one AA batteryas opposed to an expensive CR123A Lithium. I gave a couple to my friends and family and they're very happywith them. The lights seem pretty solid and overall I'm happy with these although in thetime it took to get to me I could've walked over there to get them myself.For the price and quality I give these 5 stars.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Zeebop9", "review_date": "on December 23, 2012"}, "Robert W.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Works great.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert W.", "review_date": "on March 17, 2018"}, "butta yehonatan yaakove": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "very good", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "butta yehonatan yaakove", "review_date": "on October 25, 2017"}, "Edward Carroll": {"title": "Great seller, quick responds and shipping, excellent price.", "review": "These are the best little flashlight I have ever bought (and I have lots and lots of flashlights).  I am always surprised how quickly they arrive and I keep ordering more to give as gifts but I just can't seem to let them go I like them so much.  Maybe if I order 20 more I'll be able to give one away.  Put the 3.6 vt 14500 battery in it and its nearly as bright as a car headlight!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Edward Carroll", "review_date": "on February 18, 2013"}, "Regina Castaneda": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "I really like this product. They are the perfect soze.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Regina Castaneda", "review_date": "on April 7, 2017"}, "Rich": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "good size and bright enough  for the price.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rich", "review_date": "on May 27, 2017"}, "Aleisha": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great product", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Aleisha", "review_date": "on September 21, 2017"}, "Bubbleteacrzy": {"title": "Happy with it", "review": "Bright light! Happy with it.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bubbleteacrzy", "review_date": "on September 26, 2017"}, "john d.": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "good little and bright light", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "john d.", "review_date": "on July 16, 2017"}, "Badger": {"title": "I use it daily", "review": "I have two of these lights, and use them every day. They are the brightest flashlights you are likely to find for that price.They are shipped from China, so it takes a long time to get here, but well worth the wait.Only gripe is that battery life isn't very long, and there is no low power option, but I'm happy with mine.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Badger", "review_date": "on January 7, 2014"}, "Karen": {"title": "Great Flashlight", "review": "Nice, durable flashlights that are surprisingly very bright. This was a great addition to my emergency pack.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Karen", "review_date": "on August 25, 2017"}, "judi batton": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "nice and bright", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "judi batton", "review_date": "on September 14, 2017"}, "Rosalund": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Perfect size for my purse.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rosalund", "review_date": "on July 20, 2017"}, "Pete Felicijan": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "what a great deal", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Pete Felicijan", "review_date": "on November 13, 2017"}, "Jorge Reyes": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great product.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jorge Reyes", "review_date": "on September 8, 2017"}, "bdj4882": {"title": "Small and very bt\\right.", "review": "Small and very bt\\right.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "bdj4882", "review_date": "on July 26, 2017"}, "Jerome Bledsoe": {"title": "Love this product", "review": "This is the 2nd set of RockBirds I have purchased! Love this product! Sturdy, powerful beam, lightweight an compact!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jerome Bledsoe", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "Marc P. Fregeau": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "good value", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Marc P. Fregeau", "review_date": "on November 4, 2017"}, "Kyser15": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Works as expected good product! A+", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kyser15", "review_date": "on November 6, 2017"}, "UK Wildcats": {"title": "Love them", "review": "They work great.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "UK Wildcats", "review_date": "on September 1, 2017"}, "Brian Hariot": {"title": "this is a piece of Junk", "review": "by the picture it would appear to be a good light but when I got it it was flimsy plastic, and ready for the trashDON'T BUY THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Brian Hariot", "review_date": "on October 9, 2013"}, "Dustin G.": {"title": "Great little light", "review": "For the price, these are great!  Very bright for one AA battery.  Better than many of the higher priced lights I have tried.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dustin G.", "review_date": "on November 11, 2013"}, "ROBERT R.": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "good product", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ROBERT R.", "review_date": "on October 30, 2017"}, "Williamsons": {"title": "Amazing little flashlight", "review": "Battery lasts quite a long time. I bought several and keep them stashed in case we need them. I use them all the time for evening hikes with the toddler who loves to hold one of his own.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Williamsons", "review_date": "on June 19, 2015"}, "Mike Moore": {"title": "Can't Beat The Price", "review": "I ordered five of these little buggers because for the price, they're cheaper than many disposable flashlights.They just arrived today, so this is just my initial impression of them for what it matters...First, they seem to be solidly built.  They are metal and while the construction may be a bit crude (screws holding the clip on), they don't feel cheap.Secondly, the all worked.  I read where a few people got inoperable ones, but I put AA batteries in all five and they worked as promised.Thirdly, they are bright.  Well, bright enough.  They don't rival the much more expensive flashlight I primarily use on duty (especially when it comes to range), but for the inside of a vehicle or other closer confines they light everything up well and with a nice, clear white light.Lastly, I like that they use inexpensive AA batteries and not CR123 ones like my main flashlight.So, what's the down side?  For one, I don't like the toggle switch being how you cycle through the beams (high, low and strobe).  I wish it was only an off/on switch with a separate one for each cycle as it is on my considerably more expensive light; but for the price I can live with it.Outside of that, these are great \"stashable\" flashlights in that for the price, you can buy many of them and stuff them where you might need them (in the car, in a drawer, in a jacket pocket, etc).  I hope they last, I will be disappointed if they didn't.  Otherwise, I suggest snatching up several of them.Oh, and since they come from Asia, they will take several weeks to show up.  Be patient, they're worth the wait.In a nutshell, these are not flashlights that I would stake my life on; but for utilitarian purposes they are excellent choices, especially for the price!  I plan to use these a lot to preserve the battery on my primary flashlight!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mike Moore", "review_date": "on June 8, 2013"}, "H Tims": {"title": "A GREAT BUY", "review": "Really great flashlights. Well made, bright light! A great buy!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "H Tims", "review_date": "on April 12, 2018"}, "Chess": {"title": "Another excellent small flashlight that puts out a lot of light.", "review": "I have an assortment of SODIAL, UltraFire and another brand which have all worked well for me.  All these lights really work best with a 14500 battery.  However if you working in a shop or around the house - you may want to use an AA battery so it will not be so bright!!  Got 10 of these for Christmas presents.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chess", "review_date": "on December 18, 2012"}, "Burg400": {"title": "Great Buy", "review": "They work and price is unbeatable.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Burg400", "review_date": "on May 25, 2017"}, "Casey W": {"title": "Nice!", "review": "Pretty brigt for their size", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Casey W", "review_date": "on September 9, 2017"}, "Oleksandr G.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "The light is much brighter when you use 14500 3.7 v battery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Oleksandr G.", "review_date": "on July 9, 2017"}, "VK": {"title": "great value", "review": "Very nice-was a gift. Fast shipping", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "VK", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "richard tienken": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "they are very useful", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "richard tienken", "review_date": "on July 18, 2017"}, "Juan franco": {"title": "tiny flashlights big area of light!", "review": "tiny flashlights big area of light! A++", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Juan franco", "review_date": "on June 27, 2017"}, "Kirk Szczepkowski": {"title": "Disappointing.", "review": "Does not return to bright after powering off, full clicks cycle through modes the same way that half-clicks do. Brightness seems below what is advertised. Will likely return.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kirk Szczepkowski", "review_date": "on June 26, 2017"}, "Max H. Morse": {"title": "Buy These great brightness for the size and adjustable lens is awesome!", "review": "I love them the,1 fo me and 1 for mom very bright!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Max H. Morse", "review_date": "on October 30, 2017"}, "Michael Bonde": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Nice light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael Bonde", "review_date": "on August 14, 2017"}, "Annette Willmore": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Works fine for close up lighting but distance is a problem.  Not the brightest either.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Annette Willmore", "review_date": "on November 3, 2017"}, "William Douglas": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great lights.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "William Douglas", "review_date": "on November 4, 2017"}, "Desertdude": {"title": "You cant lose.", "review": "Just the right size for pocket, good light ,variable beam great to work with, bottom line for the price you can't lose", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Desertdude", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "AT": {"title": "I did not expect much from this light at this ...", "review": "I did not expect much from this light at this price, but I did expect it to last longer than one day.  It did not.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "AT", "review_date": "on June 29, 2017"}, "Fran Dux": {"title": "I do not recommend this flashlight", "review": "The zoom does not work on any of the flashlights I received. I do not recommend this flashlight.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Fran Dux", "review_date": "on April 3, 2018"}, "StormMaster": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Bought as a gift.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "StormMaster", "review_date": "on July 8, 2017"}, "Homer Tamez": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "A great light for little bucks.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Homer Tamez", "review_date": "on May 5, 2017"}, "Alex Ingram": {"title": "not bad.", "review": "Theyre flashlights, not incredible, not bad.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Alex Ingram", "review_date": "on September 26, 2017"}, "Todd": {"title": "fantastic product.", "review": "For the price, fantastic product.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Todd", "review_date": "on August 7, 2017"}, "Paulette T": {"title": "A GREAT DEAL!", "review": "These little flashlights are mighty. They feel like they are going to last, metal not plastic.  Lots of light!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Paulette T", "review_date": "on June 7, 2017"}, "Frank": {"title": "weak", "review": "Light is weak, the strobe-light is pointless, and maybe just barely worth $5. Expected more quality, but it's all looks.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Frank", "review_date": "on December 13, 2017"}, "Jay": {"title": "It gives a good amount of light", "review": "One did not work. Switched the tail caps and they both work for now.. . It gives a good amount of light, but 3 stars because now I can\u2019t rely on the light.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jay", "review_date": "on December 11, 2017"}, "Antwane Robinson": {"title": "Flashlight cop material", "review": "Ok for  a kid", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Antwane Robinson", "review_date": "on April 4, 2018"}, "J Greensage": {"title": "Very impressive.", "review": "I use this little flashlight in remodeling and it provides a very bright light. The focus feature is surprisingly well controlled and easy to use with one hand. The ability to hold standard AAA batters is convenient. The clip is perhaps a bit tight, but that is better than too loose. I am very happy with this purchase.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J Greensage", "review_date": "on February 24, 2013"}, "Jacob Tucker": {"title": "Awesome! Really brute for its size", "review": "Awesome! Really brute for its size. 1 AA battery is all it needs.  Kids love playing with the 'blinking feature.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jacob Tucker", "review_date": "on April 21, 2017"}, "Peggy Lightner": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These small flashlights are a lifesaver!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Peggy Lightner", "review_date": "on June 1, 2017"}, "toolness1": {"title": "Sweet!", "review": "These things are CRAZY bright!  If you get the more powerful batteries, it's even better.  This will shine like 5 blocks down my street.  I used the strobe function to scare away some kids who were beating up on another kid.  They thought it was the cops coming.  Very bright light!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "toolness1", "review_date": "on May 23, 2013"}, "Warren Jenkins": {"title": "Buy It", "review": "Fantastic deal.  Buy it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Warren Jenkins", "review_date": "on June 10, 2017"}, "Sherrie": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Husband loves them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sherrie", "review_date": "on June 11, 2017"}, "Geeksquad": {"title": "Sturdy and bright", "review": "Super bright and only takes one AA cell.  Seems very sturdy.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Geeksquad", "review_date": "on October 27, 2017"}, "D. LaMarr": {"title": "Can't go wrong for the cost.", "review": "Nice flashlight, very bright and well constructed.  It workes great.  The zoom took me a second to figure out as I sat there twisting the end.  I found out you have to pull it,  And when zoomed to the fullest the beam is the shape of the LED and circuit board inside.  Still, for the price, it's a small incovenience to zoom out one notch to get back to the round beam shape and it's still very bright", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D. LaMarr", "review_date": "on December 6, 2012"}, "M D B": {"title": "Bright and Tough with only 1 AA Battery!", "review": "Really like these flashlights! Work very well. Very useful.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M D B", "review_date": "on February 23, 2017"}, "TangoDeltaDelta": {"title": "My teenage son loves it!", "review": "He loves the brightness and focusability of this nice little and inexpensive Cree LED light.  He carries it almost everywhere.  Seems rugged enough to stand up to every-day-carry-in-your-pocket use from a teenage boy, so I'd say it's tough and pretty well made.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "TangoDeltaDelta", "review_date": "on October 30, 2013"}, "mTodd": {"title": "Im not bright, but my flashlight is.", "review": "These are cery good flashlights and exactly what I expected. Flashlight doesnt stay on the same mode when turning off and on, but they do have a bright, dim, and strobe, and you can change the mode with a half push of the button while it is on.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mTodd", "review_date": "on July 9, 2017"}, "Ed De Simone": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Well made, really inexpensive", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ed De Simone", "review_date": "on September 29, 2017"}, "Luminous": {"title": "Careful about your choice of battery", "review": "These are rated to work with AA size & the 14500 Li-Ion type batteries. I put in an AA battery and was impressed by the quality of \"white\" this flashlight had; it was bright too! The 14500 batteries arrived so after a little charging I put one in; the light quickly died within a few seconds. Customer service was very helpful and say they will credit my purchase. Don't put 14500's in these expecting a long life.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Luminous", "review_date": "on November 26, 2012"}, "Michael C.": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Good", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael C.", "review_date": "on August 7, 2017"}, "Michael D.": {"title": "great item", "review": "great item", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael D.", "review_date": "on June 27, 2017"}, "Ricardo/Patricia": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "good", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ricardo/Patricia", "review_date": "on July 23, 2017"}, "will": {"title": "Awesome.", "review": "I was so impressed by the first set that I ordered a second set. Will make a great Christmas gift. Heavy duty and great lighting.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "will", "review_date": "on July 6, 2017"}, "A. Mazon Customer": {"title": "You get what you pay for", "review": "One of them, the threads holding the battery cap in, stripped the first time that I took it off.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A. Mazon Customer", "review_date": "on August 30, 2017"}, "Edward L Thacker": {"title": "Bright lights", "review": "Nice bright lights. You get what you paid for, nothing special. I would recommend them.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Edward L Thacker", "review_date": "on March 19, 2018"}, "Charles A. Boy Jr.": {"title": "great brightness. WIll get lots of use", "review": "Rugged, great brightness. WIll get lots of use.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Charles A. Boy Jr.", "review_date": "on April 12, 2017"}, "Ben C": {"title": "Awesome little flashlights!!!", "review": "Awesome little flashlights!!!  Very bright. Would recommend getting. I am buying a second set.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ben C", "review_date": "on May 23, 2017"}, "Tasha Barnes": {"title": "Just ok", "review": "U get what u pay for", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tasha Barnes", "review_date": "on January 17, 2018"}, "Craig B.": {"title": "Great buy at a great price.", "review": "I purchased the 2 pack. They arrived quickly. Only take 1 AA battery and it was easy to install. I bought them so I could keep one in my cars glovebox and one either on me or in my apt. For the price they are perfect. Heavy duty housing that doesn't feel cheap. Also has strobe function.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Craig B.", "review_date": "on June 27, 2017"}, "Neal": {"title": "Poor quality", "review": "Only one out of the two worked.  Something in the switching mechanism that turns the light on and off did not work.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Neal", "review_date": "on July 8, 2017"}, "Old Soldier": {"title": "A GREAT flashlight", "review": "My son had purchased one of these from another source.  I really liked it since it gives a great deal of light and has the ability to make  the beam wide or narrow.  REALLY BRIGHT! and it uses ONE AA battery.  Other bright flashlights use those button batteries that are annoying to locate and purchase.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Old Soldier", "review_date": "on April 15, 2013"}, "Kathi S": {"title": "Excellent!", "review": "Small and bright!  Excellent!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kathi S", "review_date": "on August 5, 2017"}, "Gusto Paraganos": {"title": "Flashy!", "review": "Great product at a great price!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gusto Paraganos", "review_date": "on September 14, 2017"}, "Sampen78": {"title": "One works great and the other has a disfunction when trying to ...", "review": "One works great and the other has a disfunction when trying to use the \u201cspot light.\u201d  It won\u2019t stay in place and I manually have to hold it.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sampen78", "review_date": "on October 19, 2017"}, "KeriB": {"title": "love them!", "review": "Awesome produced, you will not be disappointed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KeriB", "review_date": "on July 6, 2017"}, "Diana R. Ortega": {"title": "Ity bitty", "review": "They're very small, but work well for a 4 inch flashlight", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Diana R. Ortega", "review_date": "on April 4, 2018"}, "Che": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "cheap item but excellent", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Che", "review_date": "on May 26, 2017"}, "Ed": {"title": "Love it", "review": "It is a powerful, acceptable workmanship flashlight.Great small flashlight for all purpose usage.Can't beat the price for this performance.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ed", "review_date": "on October 31, 2013"}, "George R. Miller Jr.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very well made and super bright.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "George R. Miller Jr.", "review_date": "on May 30, 2017"}, "James R Norton": {"title": "Best little flashlight in the world!", "review": "First I bought 2 in case I liked them.  This order was for 4.  My \"Number One\" flashlight was a 5 \"D\" Cell Mag Light until I found the Mini Cree.  Both are adjustable from a wide beam to a spot but the Cree weighs nothing compared to the Mag.  And certainly replacing 1 \"AA\" cell id much more economical than replacing 5 \"D\" cells.  The only thing the Mag is more usefull for than the Cree is as a weapon.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James R Norton", "review_date": "on December 22, 2012"}, "Mike L": {"title": "Good light - Good size", "review": "Have only used a few times but are so far they are good, especially for the price paid.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mike L", "review_date": "on April 5, 2017"}, "Freddy": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Excelent", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Freddy", "review_date": "on April 17, 2016"}, "tugce": {"title": "They work great. Light weight", "review": "Bought these as back up flashlights for the recent hurricane season. They work great. Light weight. Good price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tugce", "review_date": "on November 7, 2017"}, "FiveSistersO": {"title": "Excellent for your go bag.", "review": "Good quality.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "FiveSistersO", "review_date": "on May 30, 2017"}, "Jan Durham": {"title": "Irma tested!", "review": "They ran all night during hurricane Irma. Really did the job! Great quality.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jan Durham", "review_date": "on September 17, 2017"}, "Debra": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Thank you", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Debra", "review_date": "on December 5, 2017"}, "Mary Ann Callaway": {"title": "So far great light. Only time will tell how durable and ...", "review": "Small compact light that you carry every day.  So far great light. Only time will tell how durable and dependable it is.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mary Ann Callaway", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Renee": {"title": "Not durable", "review": "Loved it at first, but after dropping it once, the flashlight will not turn on. I tried replacing the battery, and looking inside to see if I could fix it. I don't see any way.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Renee", "review_date": "on January 10, 2017"}, "JDC": {"title": "It looks like an adult flashlight but it is more for children", "review": "It is what it is, a cheap not so powerful flashlight. It looks like an adult flashlight but it is more for children.I gave it to my kid so that he's got one for his school bag just in case.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JDC", "review_date": "on November 27, 2016"}, "Tim Hubert": {"title": "Super bright. The cheaply made clip broke off after ...", "review": "Super bright. The cheaply made clip broke off after 2 weeks. Now the power button has issues, sometimes it will turn off and you have to bang it against something to get it to turn back on. Other than that it's pretty good.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tim Hubert", "review_date": "on February 9, 2015"}, "Tarek Mousa": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "good", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tarek Mousa", "review_date": "on May 25, 2017"}, "SMN SMWR": {"title": "Excellent light, uses the common AA battery", "review": "The light is great and the price is right.  Uses a AA battery and produces a lot of light with the choice of focusing the beam into what looks like a little LED diode.  If you don't mind waiting 3-4 weeks, this light is great.As far as the belt clip, it is snug but works fine on a fairly thick belt.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "SMN SMWR", "review_date": "on December 8, 2012"}, "Lars Augustsson": {"title": "Great deal!", "review": "Buy many, keep them everywhere. AA battery is a major advantage, some have.shelf-lives of decades, means always ready in boat, car or outhouse.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lars Augustsson", "review_date": "on February 12, 2018"}, "RaddMan": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "two small flashlights that light things you point at.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "RaddMan", "review_date": "on September 1, 2017"}, "Tami Jones": {"title": "One of the two lights I received does not work ...", "review": "One of the two lights I received does not work.  I didnt know it was not returnable before receiving it.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tami Jones", "review_date": "on April 4, 2018"}, "COLLAGENIKOV. JOHN M. PRESCOTT": {"title": "2 items. So very very cheap.BUY NOW.  IT'S LIKE STEALING. AWESOME GIFT. SAFETY ANGEL.", "review": "Retry??? Great product offers need great reviews  POSTED,  eh?", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "COLLAGENIKOV. JOHN M. PRESCOTT", "review_date": "on April 3, 2018"}, "Paul Robinson": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great for the pocket and traveling", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Paul Robinson", "review_date": "on September 5, 2017"}, "Christine Knowlan": {"title": "Nice", "review": "Work great and bright", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Christine Knowlan", "review_date": "on February 3, 2016"}, "Robert R. Pokorny Jr.": {"title": "Brilliant Flashlight!", "review": "This little guy uses only one AA battery but has a very powerful beam. The adjustment goes from very wide to very concentrated easily. Great for your jacket pocket, briefcase, or glove box. Sweet deal. I got two and the wife grabbed one right away due to it's versatility.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert R. Pokorny Jr.", "review_date": "on December 27, 2012"}, "Kane P. Insomphou": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "great!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kane P. Insomphou", "review_date": "on April 30, 2017"}, "murphys law": {"title": "Weird shape when light is focused", "review": "Ordered these for our staff to use in field. They took forever to arrive (about 2 weeks). All in all they work very well, and serve their purpose, but they make a weird cross shape when you focus the light to a tight space.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "murphys law", "review_date": "on March 3, 2014"}, "Tom": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Pretty good, well made. not real sure about 300L", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tom", "review_date": "on January 12, 2018"}, "No Signature": {"title": "Super Bright LED Flashlight!", "review": "This little bugger is probably the smallest and brightest LED flashlight I've ever seen!! The overall build quality is that of a $20+ dollar light. It feels small in the hand, but very durable. The adjustable focus is very smooth, and the 3 operating modes (bright, dim, and bright strobe) and pretty easy to use. I've been using it for the past 3 nights to walk the dog, and am still on the first AA I put into it. Its been running for 45 minuets a night for 3 nights, with no visible change in brightness or distance. I am not using any special batteries, just plain generic brand AA's from my local Home Depot.Pro: Super bright, adjustable focus, multiple operating modes, runs on 1 AA battery, all metal body constructionCons: On/Off button can be a little hard to press while holding the light.  On a side note: shipping time to the states is rather long, as I believe it ships from somewhere in Asia.**Bottom line: Super bright, all metal, LED flash light in a small, durable package. The most affordable super bright LED light I've found so far, and my favorite to use.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "No Signature", "review_date": "on January 3, 2013"}, "Goebbels Gerbils": {"title": "For the money, you will be impressed", "review": "Don't buy the cheapo they sell at the dollar store! This product is solid and hefty with a nice adjustable lens and a powerful light. I bought 4 more to give to the fam. Unusually good product for the money.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Goebbels Gerbils", "review_date": "on May 15, 2014"}, "JGLLO": {"title": "Worth the price.", "review": "Bought 4 of these from Tosell888. They all worked perfectly. These only have on/off function, no other modes. They seem solidly built and put out a good amount of light. The lens slides forward and back to change the size of the beam.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JGLLO", "review_date": "on November 6, 2013"}, "Amazon Customer k4gwg.2@gmail.om": {"title": "They are excellent and meet my every need", "review": "Thank you for the Rockbirds LED Flashlights.  They are excellent and meet my every need.  I have have used them almost daily.  The brightess of the light is great and they hold a charge over a longer period of time.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Amazon Customer k4gwg.2@gmail.om", "review_date": "on May 25, 2017"}, "Natalie G. Sanchez": {"title": "Disappointing with one light", "review": "Very disappointing one of the lights doesn't open, but the one that works is very bright.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Natalie G. Sanchez", "review_date": "on April 23, 2017"}, "Stephen G": {"title": "These are great for the price", "review": "Also the battery seems to last fairly long, the little focus ring on the front seems to be very loose on one that I got and too tight on the other.  They dont fit inside the rail attachment on a one inch attachment I purchased at the Gun show but they perform well.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Stephen G", "review_date": "on January 23, 2013"}, "Surisack Panmeesai": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Good to have", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Surisack Panmeesai", "review_date": "on June 10, 2017"}, "Stban Franco": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "I like", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Stban Franco", "review_date": "on May 19, 2017"}, "Matt Dalton": {"title": "Excellent flashlight", "review": "I ordered two just to see how much I would like this light. This is a really good light to keep in the backpack, car, or just around the house. A few sharp edges on it, so around children might need some attention. Granted the machining isn't flawless, but considering it's a $4 light I am really impressed. A coworker talked me out of one of the two lights and a few others in the office bought them after seeing it in person. I am about to go order a few more for myself.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Matt Dalton", "review_date": "on October 2, 2013"}, "Z.R": {"title": "I really liked these.", "review": "I really liked these.. Until they just broke about a month after use. Changing battery and then never worked again. Same for both flashlights in pack", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Z.R", "review_date": "on December 13, 2017"}, "Joshua D. O'byrne": {"title": "One Star", "review": "No durability, both of them broke quickly after purchase.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Joshua D. O'byrne", "review_date": "on September 12, 2017"}, "Amazon customer": {"title": "Excellent flashlight!", "review": "Excellent flashlight!  Love it.  Very bright.  Requires only one battery.  Would buy more if needed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Amazon customer", "review_date": "on September 9, 2017"}, "Cory Douglas": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Good little lights for the money.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cory Douglas", "review_date": "on September 21, 2017"}, "Ignacio Gonzales": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very great LED flashlights for last minute emergencies I definitely recommend this.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ignacio Gonzales", "review_date": "on April 3, 2018"}, "Mr. Woodog": {"title": "Cool little flashlights cheap", "review": "Great little flashlight, all of mine working so far. I know some reviewers have had some bad ones here and there, not me. Very bright and I like the fact that they only require one AA battery instead of 3 AAA batteries like some others I have had.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mr. Woodog", "review_date": "on March 6, 2014"}, "superhombre11": {"title": "Unreliable", "review": "These are totally unreliable. Most of the time they don't On when you need them to.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "superhombre11", "review_date": "on September 8, 2017"}, "Jerry P.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Good stuff. Compact and effective.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jerry P.", "review_date": "on November 5, 2015"}, "D. Griffin": {"title": "GREAT VALUE", "review": "These are GREAT!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D. Griffin", "review_date": "on February 6, 2017"}, "Bret Harris": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "The best! Love that it uses 1 AA cell. Bought 2 more for Xmas presents.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bret Harris", "review_date": "on December 30, 2016"}, "Michael Fabiano": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very bright and compact", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael Fabiano", "review_date": "on October 26, 2017"}, "Tony": {"title": "Simple, cheap, bright.", "review": "A good simple cheap bright light. I bought 4 of them to keep in the cars and in the junk drawer for when I need a light. Works well, and a great value.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tony", "review_date": "on March 23, 2014"}, "Addicted2Amazon": {"title": "great flashlight", "review": "These things are great.  They are cheap enough you can stash them all over the place and have at least one when you need it.  I like that you can focus the beam too depending on what you need to do with it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Addicted2Amazon", "review_date": "on April 2, 2014"}, "Philthy": {"title": "Not bad for the price!", "review": "Pretty nice flashlight.  Brought it out for a winter camping trip and found the light to be a great brightness for night time use.  I find the slide focus absolutely useless since it can easy be hit back out of focus by anything.  This light is NOT 300lm from what i can tell from using it, so one star gone for that.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Philthy", "review_date": "on December 17, 2012"}, "KR": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "love them", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KR", "review_date": "on March 1, 2017"}, "Peter Dandyk": {"title": "Nice compact light", "review": "5 out of 6 were good.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Peter Dandyk", "review_date": "on January 3, 2017"}, "Walter ": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Bright light", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Walter ", "review_date": "on July 5, 2017"}, "leilachen": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very nice! A luxury box to cover these items.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "leilachen", "review_date": "on May 25, 2017"}, "skeeter": {"title": "excellent", "review": "I really have no idea how they can make this machined aluminum light with the many parts from different sources and sell/ship for this money! 1AA bat does the job for me. Very nice. Heck the shipping in U.S.A. costs more than this!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "skeeter", "review_date": "on February 4, 2014"}, "BrandoB": {"title": "ordered two and one arrived broken", "review": "I ordered two and one arrived broken. The seller shipped me a replacement for free (did not require me to return the broken one), but since they are shipped from China this took a few weeks. The lights are quite bright and I like the ability to adjust the focus.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BrandoB", "review_date": "on January 10, 2013"}, "David C. Bradford": {"title": "Sturdy little lights that work every time as", "review": "Sturdy little lights that work every time as advertised", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David C. Bradford", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "Handy": {"title": "Great Light, Great price!", "review": "I was leary about purchasing this light as the price seemed too low for a quality product. Boy was I surprised. This torch is very bright and made of metal not plastic and uses a standard AA battery. I would recommend purchasing this item.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Handy", "review_date": "on May 12, 2013"}, "litezen": {"title": "Amazing little torch that is great value for money", "review": "I normally don't bother to review stuff, but I am very impressed with this torch and want to share some information that could be useful to others.There are multiple sellers for this item, and I suspect that the item quality may vary depending on the seller and the source/timing of their stock. I bought mine from Warm Mart around Oct 20. The item is shipped from Hong Kong, and took 2.5 weeks to arrive.This little torch looks more expensive than the $5 I paid for it. It's made from metal, heavy (for its size), and has a tactical bezel that looks like it can be used to break glass.The orange switch works reliably. There are other versions of this torch out there that has multiple settings - high, low, strobe. The one I received only has 2 settings though - on and off.It only requires a single AA battery, which is nice. It works great with rechargeable NiMH batteries. I tried an Sanyo Eneloop rechargeable battery on the torch and left the light on to see how long it'll last - it lasted more that 4 hours on a single charge! I don't know exactly how long it lasted as I gave up checking after 4 hours. What's also amazing is that the brightness stays pretty constant over 3+ hours. Regular torchlights tend to get dimmer as its battery drains - not this one.How bright is this torchlight? I have other LED torchlights for comparison - i.e. a typical pocket LED torch with 9 LEDs, running on 3xAAA and sells for a few dollars. This torchlight blows that one away - it's at least a couple of times brighter. It also emits a bright white light instead of the bluish-white light that other LED torchlights produce.This torch also has a bezel that you can move in or out, to adjust the beam. On the 'wide' setting, it produces a very evenly lit circular spot. When used in the dark, the 'beam' setting will easily light up something that's 50+ feet away. The 'beam' setting looks strange though as it produces a squarish spot that is essentially an image of the Cree LED's surface.It puts my other regular LED torches to shame. Wife initially balked when I bought another torchlight; when I turned it on, she wants me to buy a few more! A friend that I've shown it to now wants to get one.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "litezen", "review_date": "on November 8, 2012"}, "Stephen P.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Good quality for the price.  Feel sturdy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Stephen P.", "review_date": "on August 24, 2017"}, "William Van Nostrand": {"title": "Overall a very useful light. However be aware that it chews up ...", "review": "Overall a very useful light. However be aware that it chews up AA batteries. Battery life is frankly awful.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "William Van Nostrand", "review_date": "on October 2, 2017"}, "K. Catron": {"title": "Great light at a great price", "review": "LOVE LOVE LOVE these little gems. I had bought one last year and all the leaders on a Scout trip were amazed at how bringht and how far this thing would throw it's light.I bought two more to equip all my packs.I wish it did have the three mode setup (flashing) vs jsut on/off on the ones I rxd hence the 4 vs 5 stars.You won't be disappointed at the price point these are selling", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "K. Catron", "review_date": "on April 30, 2013"}, "David R.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Good, sturdy, bright flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David R.", "review_date": "on July 26, 2017"}, "compnerd": {"title": "great light", "review": "From the looks of other reviews you have to get lucky to get a good one.  Mine is great.Mine has three settings. High, low, and epileptic seizure inducing strobe modes. You can cycle through them by turning it off/on or you can half press the button without clicking it and it cycles through the three on modes.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "compnerd", "review_date": "on March 28, 2013"}, "Als View": {"title": "Nice lite for carrying or just extras in the glove box.", "review": "These are great... great size, excellent beam.  Used them while camping.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Als View", "review_date": "on July 30, 2017"}, "IanZ": {"title": "ALL GOOD", "review": "Very good deal. Same light I've purchased several times on DX.com, but it was delivered MUCH swifter.  This one has 3 settings unlike the others.  Just tap the on/off buttom to toggle between super (blinding) bright, 1/2 as bright, and strobe!  OBTW, the strope worked out great last weekend for my house dance party.  Enjoy!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "IanZ", "review_date": "on July 4, 2013"}, "Suite 201 Escape Room": {"title": "overall they both work great and as described", "review": "drains my battery quick even when of, COULD BE my personal rechargeable battery that isn't working as it should. overall they both work great and as described.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Suite 201 Escape Room", "review_date": "on January 4, 2018"}, "bpl3": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Excellent value.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "bpl3", "review_date": "on July 20, 2017"}, "CHENGCHEN": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These were great and worth every penny.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CHENGCHEN", "review_date": "on April 2, 2018"}, "b w": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "these things put out a lotta light .", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "b w", "review_date": "on November 8, 2017"}, "rubecat": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Surprisingly bright for size.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "rubecat", "review_date": "on March 21, 2017"}, "Fatty": {"title": "Strong little torch", "review": "For the small price, it's a great value.  Feels of higher quality than the cheap stuff at home depot- solid metal and so far, easy on/off and adjustment of beam.  Took a little longer to ship from hong kong, but delivered as promised no problems,", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Fatty", "review_date": "on February 16, 2013"}, "Mark Twain": {"title": "Great little lights", "review": "Great little flashlights. Very bright, work well. I would recommend these to anyone.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mark Twain", "review_date": "on November 27, 2016"}, "j.r.": {"title": "Bright little light", "review": "Bright. I like it. It's small", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "j.r.", "review_date": "on September 23, 2015"}, "Nathan": {"title": "One Star", "review": "Light does not go on sometimes and sometimes it switches itself into strobe mode on its own.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nathan", "review_date": "on September 18, 2017"}, "OhGoodieMan": {"title": "Great Light for around 5 Bucks", "review": "I have 4 of these.All work great and very well constructed.  Strong light.I love the adjustable focus.Batteries seem to last long.I like the single AA vs fiddling with flashlights that have 3 AAA.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "OhGoodieMan", "review_date": "on November 7, 2012"}, "KC Jayhawk": {"title": "I'd almost forgotten that I'd ordered them...", "review": "These turned out to be great little flashlights - bright even with a AA alkaline battery and really bright with a lithium ion battery.  It took almost two months for them to arrive from China, however.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KC Jayhawk", "review_date": "on January 9, 2014"}, "bill": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "very nice", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "bill", "review_date": "on December 19, 2016"}, "Nathan R. Jessup": {"title": "Very Bright", "review": "This thing is BRIGHT!  For such a small light using 1- AA battery, the output is insane.  The lens is adjustable and goes from flood to a blinding square spot beam.  Seems to be decently made, overall I am happy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nathan R. Jessup", "review_date": "on September 23, 2013"}, "mister78": {"title": "It's is within my reach should I need it.", "review": "I look at this flashlight as a handy-dandy source of light which can be adjusted to narrowly light a small area or it can be adjusted again to light a larger area.  When have you ever seen something like this?  Thanks", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mister78", "review_date": "on August 13, 2013"}, "Cami Gener": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "I love these things. Such a steal for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cami Gener", "review_date": "on October 31, 2017"}, "wyett poth": {"title": "but they work good.", "review": "I purchased several of these for my vehicles, camper and even my boat. They are very dependable and they can be ordered with a strobe function. They are not the brightist on the market, but they work good.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "wyett poth", "review_date": "on October 31, 2014"}, "CHARLIE": {"title": "Great price for pair", "review": "it is REALLY bright for 1 AA battary", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CHARLIE", "review_date": "on April 23, 2017"}, "Pedro": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great product", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Pedro", "review_date": "on January 13, 2018"}, "Sean": {"title": "Not bad, not the best", "review": "It's ok. Good amount of light although very narrow beam which doesn't adjust. Sometimes doesn't light up so you have to smack it a little bit before it'll turn on. Tried changing the batteries and same thing happens. It's just ok, but good for the price. It's no Nebo Redline.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sean", "review_date": "on January 7, 2014"}, "moneygodkillsthesoul": {"title": "Perfect for camping", "review": "Small but solid and bright. Three click light modes. High, low and strobe. Perfect for camping.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "moneygodkillsthesoul", "review_date": "on May 14, 2017"}, "Justin Johnson": {"title": "Perfect little flashlights", "review": "These little guys are rugged, durable, functional, and easy to use.  Great purchase! Especially for the price, you cant go wrong.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Justin Johnson", "review_date": "on August 11, 2017"}, "Priscilla": {"title": "Wonderful", "review": "This flashlight is terrific. The light is very bright and quality is tops.The price is unbelievable. We bought 5 to have them available on each floor of our home and in each car. Definitely recommend this item.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Priscilla", "review_date": "on February 5, 2014"}, "Amazon loyal buyer": {"title": "This is the one", "review": "good quality, bright light and good price, best part it only use one AA battery, not too bad in case you forget to turn it off, lost only one battery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Amazon loyal buyer", "review_date": "on November 21, 2014"}, "K.C.": {"title": "Well worth the price, quality product!", "review": "Well built , compact, nice light!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "K.C.", "review_date": "on April 26, 2017"}, "Amphion": {"title": "WOW!", "review": "Plenty bright: you can see this thing casting a shadow outside on a shady day!very small: maybe 1.5 times the length of a AA batterySolid feel: it's metal baby!Slide to zoom: slide the knurled area forward", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Amphion", "review_date": "on July 18, 2013"}, "JG123": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "EXCELLENT FLASHLIGHT ! Not sure exactly what people ,who wrote a 2 paragraph review, were expecting from a $5 flashlight !?", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JG123", "review_date": "on April 10, 2018"}, "DAVID DUDLEY": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Excellent! These are great!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DAVID DUDLEY", "review_date": "on March 1, 2017"}, "Rhino": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "super product", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rhino", "review_date": "on March 1, 2016"}, "Marley": {"title": "Good light", "review": "Arrived on time, although it did take about a month. Good, bright led light. Small and compact which makes it easy to carry around and store. Inexpensive and well worth the price. This is my second one.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Marley", "review_date": "on November 5, 2013"}, "Coax09": {"title": "decent light", "review": "for the money you can not go wrong. Its a handy little light that is pretty bright. Good for walking the dog or checking out the yard at night without having to carry a big bulky light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Coax09", "review_date": "on March 8, 2014"}, "Seattlesucks": {"title": "Great little flash light.", "review": "Great little flash light at very good price.  I wish would have bought a few more of these when it was cheaper.  I paid around $5.40 with shipping included.  Small size is excellent for little kids.  Just don't point in the eye.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Seattlesucks", "review_date": "on March 10, 2013"}, "E. Strause": {"title": "Great little flashlight", "review": "I picked up a few of these flashlights for my parents and myself.  They are really small and easy to take with you or keep somewhere just in case.  The light output is great with AA, even better with 3.7v 14500 batteries.  I'm very happy with them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "E. Strause", "review_date": "on December 21, 2012"}, "Wright": {"title": "Solid heavy duty flashlight.", "review": "Solid product. Works as well as flashlights 3 or 4 times the cost of this one, at least. I will buy another pair, soon.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Wright", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "K. Nakagawa": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great deal and very small and compact.  Easily fits in a pocket or car glove box. Extremely bright!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "K. Nakagawa", "review_date": "on October 1, 2017"}, "ED CARLISLE": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great for suitcases, cars, etc., while traveling; we now have 5 of them for our travels.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ED CARLISLE", "review_date": "on September 26, 2017"}, "Datel": {"title": "Great little light.", "review": "Got two of these on deal of the day.  I should have bought a dozen and stashed them everywhere.  They work great and are small enough to use wherever a light is needed.  Very intense for a small light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Datel", "review_date": "on June 29, 2017"}, "Osmar L.M": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Good flashlight for a price.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Osmar L.M", "review_date": "on September 2, 2017"}, "Steven K DeBord": {"title": "These are okay, I guess", "review": "Though they look similar to the popular Sipik lights, which I like, they are not as bright, nor do they focus as well.  What I was actually delivered was Ultrafire brand.  I did like the multi mode button though - high, low, pulse modes.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Steven K DeBord", "review_date": "on May 3, 2013"}, "Mike Poplin": {"title": "Everyone who got 1 loved it. Those who didn't wanted one", "review": "I gave these as gifts, this was my second order. Everyone who got 1 loved it. Those who didn't wanted one, thus the second order.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mike Poplin", "review_date": "on February 7, 2015"}, "Anynamewildo": {"title": "The quality can't be beat for the price.", "review": "Very lightweight and bright! adjustable brightness and beam control. Bought two of these and they are awesome. Probably buy a couple more to keep in different places in the house and car... and add to your SHTF bag.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Anynamewildo", "review_date": "on May 8, 2013"}, "Jorge Rangel": {"title": "Very bright", "review": "Wow, I just popped an AA battery in, and this thing is bright.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jorge Rangel", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Richard Ackerman": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Perfect", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard Ackerman", "review_date": "on June 16, 2017"}, "mph": {"title": "Good light- bad shipping.", "review": "Great little light. what i don't like is that they are shipped in buble wrap  and the boxes get chrushed.the lights all worked,but I give them away as gifts sometimes. Its not real impressive to give some a gift in a crushed up box!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mph", "review_date": "on November 22, 2013"}, "Caroline Dai Pr\u00e1": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Better quality than I was expecting...didn't  use yet", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Caroline Dai Pr\u00e1", "review_date": "on February 23, 2018"}, "JB": {"title": "Quality is dropping.", "review": "This is my fourth order of these Chinese SODIAL flashlights. The first order was excellent. They came in these little white boxes, covered with a bubble wrap bag, and had the high,low and strobe capability. The next two orders still had the boxes, but the adjustable light capability was gone. The light was either on or off now. That was OK as the quality of the unit was still high. This last order, and I emphasize last order, was crap.I received the padded envelope in the mail and could tell something was different from the prior mailings. I cut open the pouch and there were no more little white boxes. Each light was only covered by the little bubble wrap bag that was in the boxes of prior shipments. This prompted me to look further. I have at least one of the lights from each of the prior orders and I compared them this final order. I noticed a pronounced drop in the quality of the light.The sliding tube that holds the lens that focuses the light beam is very loose compared to my other lights. The on/off button seems cheaper. Even the spring on the button is smaller than my other lights. The final test I did was to compare the light beams with an older purchase using the same battery in each light. The beam produced by the new light seemed to be less intense and the focus was not as precise as on the older model.The prior versions were a great buy for around 5 bucks. The current run is not. My suggestion is that you don't waste your money on these lights. My bet is that they will not last as long as the prior batch. I will keep this final purchase as it would cost as much as I paid for them to ship them back to China. My guess is that the cost of doing business in China is going up so the quality of their products will be decreasing. I hope this helps you save your hard earned money.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JB", "review_date": "on June 1, 2013"}, "jt69": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "pretty bright for a little flashlight.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jt69", "review_date": "on April 5, 2017"}, "Robert Clouden": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great miniature lights with big light output.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert Clouden", "review_date": "on May 25, 2017"}, "H.Bekmuradov": {"title": "looks like a toy", "review": "Small than expected, looks like a toy, not a real big torch.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "H.Bekmuradov", "review_date": "on November 22, 2017"}, "AtoZGuy": {"title": "Good for walking the dog at night.", "review": "Awesome for taking the dog for a walk at night.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "AtoZGuy", "review_date": "on May 14, 2017"}, "FleurdeLys": {"title": "Small, lightweight and bright", "review": "Great flashlight. I ordered several to give some as gifts - more stayed at our house than went out as gifts! Use 1 AA battery too which is nice. Easy to use rechargeables. Definitely recommend these if you want some small flashlights around the house.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "FleurdeLys", "review_date": "on July 13, 2013"}, "Nicola B": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very bright, neat can hold on a keyring  very helpful around the home etc.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nicola B", "review_date": "on September 15, 2017"}, "Aaron M": {"title": "Mini Cree Led flashlight", "review": "The model I recieved was a simple on/off version not a hi/low/strobe. For the money it is well worth the 5 dollars with shipping. The light is built small and pretty durable. This is most definatly not 300 lumens but thats ok. Excellent for EDC, I keep it with me all the time. I would recommend if you are looking for a small but powerful flashlight.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Aaron M", "review_date": "on February 25, 2014"}, "Jeffrey S. Foster": {"title": "Bright LED flashlight!", "review": "Very bright flashlight, I like this one so well that I ordered 2 more this past week. I don't use the pocket clip on it, but it seems quite sturdy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jeffrey S. Foster", "review_date": "on July 21, 2014"}, "Keith Katterheinrich": {"title": "Nice little light", "review": "Got these for my boys for church camp.  Adjustable light is nice for spot or flood.  Seem really well made, especially considering the price.  Small and easy to pack is a great plus as well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Keith Katterheinrich", "review_date": "on August 2, 2013"}, "RonV": {"title": "Very good item!", "review": "Though these were cheap quality but they are metal and really brite.Very good item!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "RonV", "review_date": "on November 9, 2017"}, "James W. Bixler": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great flashlight.  Great price!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James W. Bixler", "review_date": "on August 15, 2017"}, "Jason": {"title": "Great value", "review": "For under 5.00 it works great.  Small and pretty bright.  Only thing I see that may be issue for some people is when you zoom-in it makes a sqaure type of the box from LCD.  Compared to some of the other cheap flashlights it works 5 times better.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jason", "review_date": "on May 5, 2013"}, "KC Compton": {"title": "Great little flashlight", "review": "Very bright, very powerful, can focus the beamWorks much better than those 9LED jobbies from lowes for about the same priceChews thru a 14500 Li Ion battery pretty quick", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KC Compton", "review_date": "on October 20, 2013"}, "J. Hault": {"title": "Amazing small flashlight", "review": "This light will take a single AA battery or the 14500 rechargable battery.  The light output and focusable beam make this an amazing package for the price.  I bought 4 and will be buying more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J. Hault", "review_date": "on June 30, 2013"}, "BERNARDO F MIRO": {"title": "Great.", "review": "It is a great little flashlight. I work at a nightclub and you can change the focus so it's not so bright on peoples face. Or change it to superbright to signal someone far away. It clips on the belt good.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BERNARDO F MIRO", "review_date": "on December 2, 2013"}, "Jacqueline Jones": {"title": "Highly recommend", "review": "Great product!  Was very Impressed how much light they produce.  Perfect for walking my dog at night.  Feel a lot safer with these !!!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jacqueline Jones", "review_date": "on November 4, 2017"}, "james porter": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Good Deal.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "james porter", "review_date": "on July 28, 2017"}, "Happy Camper": {"title": "Poor quality.", "review": "one worked one did not work", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Happy Camper", "review_date": "on July 16, 2017"}, "catdad": {"title": "amazing light for the money", "review": "I wish i bought ten of these.  They are bright, very solid, have a focusing beam, and exude quality.  I frankly don't know how they are made as cheap as they are sold for.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "catdad", "review_date": "on December 29, 2013"}, "james conger": {"title": "Buy it--you won't be disappointed", "review": "This is an unbelievable little light. ONE AA battery and the light it throws out it is incredible. And the ability to focus the beam from wide to narrow is a huge plus.  Buying more as Xmas presents for everyone.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "james conger", "review_date": "on November 22, 2012"}, "Don": {"title": "Great product. Excellent price.", "review": "I bought 10 of them. Just for my household. My friends like them so well, they bought them all from me. I need to order 10 more to replace the ones meant for my family at home.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Don", "review_date": "on November 1, 2013"}, "sunnymesa": {"title": "product as described, toys for kids", "review": "like most of other comments, it does the jobs as it intended. bright enough, small to carry around. Like the build, not sure quality, but push/pull light is fun for kids. one AA battery design is great.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "sunnymesa", "review_date": "on April 30, 2013"}, "John M": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very bright and compact", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John M", "review_date": "on May 18, 2017"}, "W. Lee": {"title": "Slow shipping but good build quality", "review": "This takes forever to get here from HK but I like the product itself. The focus slide works well and can focus the light down to a very small square (yes, a square).", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "W. Lee", "review_date": "on March 3, 2013"}, "An N.": {"title": "But I hated the fact that I had to cyclce through the ...", "review": "Decent enough light. But I hated the fact that I had to cyclce through the modes every time i turned it on.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "An N.", "review_date": "on April 7, 2018"}, "jim": {"title": "excellent flashlight I picked up a bunch of these share ...", "review": "excellent flashlight I picked up a bunch of these share them with friends they love them good product and very inexpensive", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jim", "review_date": "on October 22, 2014"}, "ED Stoeckel": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "They both work great. Can adjust beam very easily.  Fast shipping", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ED Stoeckel", "review_date": "on April 12, 2018"}, "Pilot": {"title": "Great little flashlight!", "review": "This is a compact but powerful little flash light.  It fits in the palm of your hand, but lights up the dark with a powerful light for it's size.  I have purchased a few of them, I keep on in the car, house, backpack, etc...  It only needs 1 AA size battery.  I recommend it for it's power, compact size and great price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Pilot", "review_date": "on October 1, 2013"}, "Carlos": {"title": "I belive there are better batteries for it but idk", "review": "Its a lot brighter with duracell batteries. I belive there are better batteries for it but idk.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Carlos", "review_date": "on December 6, 2017"}, "Gary T.": {"title": "Flash light", "review": "Awesome light if you get this you'll like it I keep one in my room and one in the truck", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gary T.", "review_date": "on June 6, 2017"}, "Wilma W": {"title": "Questionable quality", "review": "Light works well and has a powerful beam. The sliding mechanism is very cheap but so was the purchase price. Took many many weeks to receive my order from China but it dis finally arrive. Of course I paid with order.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Wilma W", "review_date": "on May 11, 2014"}, "GrandFacilitator": {"title": "Cheap... but only in price.", "review": "The build quality is great. The flashlight is super bright with a 14500 3.7v Li-Ion battery in it. I picked up several just to keep around the house / in my vehicles. At this price, don't hesitate and pick one up and see for yourself.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "GrandFacilitator", "review_date": "on November 26, 2012"}, "Enrique Gutierrez": {"title": "Mini Torch", "review": "Item arrived as advertised, coming from China.  Packed well, all four units operationally checked without any problems.  Gave 3 of them as gifts, and all raved at the mighty lite's performance....shoulda bought more.  I kept one and will use it as any emergency light in my vehicle.  Tough, well-built,  rugged-looking, and a steal at a bargain price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Enrique Gutierrez", "review_date": "on May 4, 2013"}, "Ryan Jordan": {"title": "great little light for a great price", "review": "These are great little inexpensive flashlights that i keep in the vehicles and all over the house.  It takes one AA battery and puts out a lot of light for the size and the price.  I don't believe it reaches 300 lumens on regular batteries, but its plenty for everyday or emergency use.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ryan Jordan", "review_date": "on December 12, 2013"}, "CS McCulloh": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Really good for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CS McCulloh", "review_date": "on April 13, 2018"}, "hope it helps": {"title": "not as expected", "review": "One failed within 5 days.the on off switch stopped working", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "hope it helps", "review_date": "on June 29, 2017"}, "FATMAN": {"title": "Do not waste your money", "review": "Junk junk junk sums it up", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "FATMAN", "review_date": "on April 13, 2018"}, "Hyder Abadin": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great flashlights!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Hyder Abadin", "review_date": "on November 17, 2017"}, "Basel M Humaidah": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Nice", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Basel M Humaidah", "review_date": "on October 18, 2017"}, "Jossue Salome Reyes": {"title": "Comes in handy", "review": "These flashlights are small but very powerful! I love them and are easy to have anywhere. I recommend this product.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jossue Salome Reyes", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Katelyn": {"title": "50/50 chance", "review": "One works fine, the other was DOA", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Katelyn", "review_date": "on June 30, 2017"}, "Chubaca": {"title": "Okay flashlight", "review": "I was hoping the flashlight would be brighter based on the description, but it's not as bright as advertised.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chubaca", "review_date": "on May 23, 2017"}, "Melissa": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "They're bright but very small. Gets the job done tho", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Melissa", "review_date": "on October 14, 2017"}, "R. Frobenius": {"title": "Good Value", "review": "You can't beat the value for the price on this flashlight. The case has a very solid feel and overall the unit has a good heft to it. The on/off button is a little on the cheap side, but otherwise the quality seems quite good. The zoom simply slides forwards and back (no threads), which seems at first a little flimsy but in practice it means that you can hold the light and operate the zoom with one hand - very useful. Delivery took a 2-3 weeks to arrive from Hong Kong, so you need to be patient.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "R. Frobenius", "review_date": "on January 4, 2013"}, "sciera": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Good buy for the price but are not as bright as other flashlights on this site", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "sciera", "review_date": "on January 14, 2018"}, "Chicken Little": {"title": "Great for bedside service.", "review": "Excellent flashlights.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chicken Little", "review_date": "on July 22, 2017"}, "Earl G Limbird": {"title": "poor buy", "review": "One worked. The second one I could not get it open to put the battery in so do not know if it works or not. one good one bad", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Earl G Limbird", "review_date": "on May 7, 2017"}, "Cliente de Amazon": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very good very good", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cliente de Amazon", "review_date": "on July 26, 2017"}, "Frederick": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These are great, light up the night, need to order 8 more!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Frederick", "review_date": "on September 11, 2017"}, "MAN OF STEEL": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Thought they would be larger but works good..", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MAN OF STEEL", "review_date": "on August 5, 2017"}, "richard": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "works great.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "richard", "review_date": "on July 24, 2017"}, "mimsy": {"title": "would consider buying again", "review": "Quite sturdy & bright illumination. Telescopic part not much useful as it doesn't really create much definition.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mimsy", "review_date": "on November 14, 2014"}, "amusch": {"title": "They're Bright and Solid", "review": "They are a lot brighter and much more solid than those \"free\" ones you can get at Harbor Freight.  The only downside is that you have to buy them....I like the focus feature too.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "amusch", "review_date": "on December 16, 2012"}, "Chase P.": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "These are awesome, one has already started shorting out. Also be sure to have a spare battery with you!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chase P.", "review_date": "on November 14, 2017"}, "STARBERRY": {"title": "Great quality", "review": "With a house full of boys my flash light are always turning up missing. So I find myself looking for smaller but strong and bright flashlights. These led flashlights from rockbirds are the perfect choice for my family. They are small and very sturdy. Strong and very bright. There are what I would call 3 different modes of light. The first is a regular flashlight beam. This light is very bright and shows a long distance from the user. Next is a more.focused beam just pull on the flashlight and you get a smaller more focused beam of light in a square. Next is a flashing mode. I like this one best because I will take the dogs for a walk in the morning before it is light out and I can use this in flashing mode attach it to my jacket so that drivers can see me.Overall I have been very impressed with the quality of this flashlight. It is small and light weight. Perfect to keep in your purse, car glove box or anywhere else you might need to.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "STARBERRY", "review_date": "on April 19, 2017"}, "Robert M.": {"title": "Great little flashlight", "review": "Great little flashlight.  Uses one AA battery.  Bright and very compact.  Can take it anywhere.  It has three modes: very bright, bright and a flashing mode.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert M.", "review_date": "on May 25, 2017"}, "pixa00": {"title": "Great price for extra bright flashlight", "review": "Flashlight works fine, but the clip is not connected with the right small screws -- when trying to use it the clip gets disconnected and the screws are falling out, But the price and flashlight functionality make this item a good bargain.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "pixa00", "review_date": "on January 3, 2014"}, "D Thompson": {"title": "Mini Cree", "review": "Ive now purchased 3 of these and will probably own more in the future. I have only used standard AA batteries and they suffice.good purchase for the amount of money.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D Thompson", "review_date": "on December 26, 2013"}, "Ryan Dickerson": {"title": "Amazing little light!", "review": "I got a 2 pack on sale for like 8$. These are incredible little lights and being adjustable can focus on at a distance.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ryan Dickerson", "review_date": "on June 29, 2017"}, "Noel the Pilot": {"title": "Great holiday gifts", "review": "Got them for all my coworkers who are required to carry a flashlight. Great units, and the bright orange tail buttons mean I can see when people are carrying them around in their bags. Excellent light for the money, didn't yet get the more powerful battery but that would almost triple the cost of the product.Great buy, wish they were made in the USA.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Noel the Pilot", "review_date": "on August 29, 2013"}, "Nicole M. Friez": {"title": "Great little light.", "review": "Great little light. Well worth the money. Built well for a small light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Nicole M. Friez", "review_date": "on November 24, 2017"}, "Shelly": {"title": "easy to carry around", "review": "Small and exquisite, easy to carry around.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Shelly", "review_date": "on March 27, 2018"}, "Karen A": {"title": "Best flashlight I've ever had!", "review": "This little flashlight has the brightest, widest light I've ever seen.  I bought five more of them for the car, house, etc.  The price is unbelievably low.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Karen A", "review_date": "on January 2, 2014"}, "Savage Shooter": {"title": "My Everyday Flashlight", "review": "I carry this in my pocket everyday and it works great.  Very durable, good grip, good battery life and small enough that you harley notice it.  The adjustable beam is a nice feature.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Savage Shooter", "review_date": "on June 10, 2013"}, "MisterP": {"title": "Awesome", "review": "No problems at all ,strong lil lights", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MisterP", "review_date": "on March 6, 2017"}, "Hoyd": {"title": "Very Good, but heavy.", "review": "A small and powerful flashlight with one AA battery. I really mean it. It is bright, and focus is adjustable. However, it is a bit heavy side if you are looking for something to fit in your pocket and carry all the time.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Hoyd", "review_date": "on January 18, 2013"}, "David S. Shores": {"title": "Great deal!!!", "review": "You can't get a better light for the price!  This light uses a AA battery and the alkaline lasts way longer than my rechargeables li ions I have!!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David S. Shores", "review_date": "on February 6, 2014"}, "Mark Ingles": {"title": "This thing is bright!", "review": "I grew up with flashlights that had two giant D batteries. This little guy seems a million times brighter and it just takes one little battery. I use it all the time and the clip is handy to hang it. It's a solid-feeling piece of metal.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mark Ingles", "review_date": "on May 21, 2013"}, "Martin": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Uses just one AA battery, features adjustable beam by sliding the front part with the lens.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Martin", "review_date": "on June 11, 2017"}, "John Weber": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Most: size, uses 2A battery, adjustable light beam. Least: the method used to change the light mode.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John Weber", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "daryl g hill": {"title": "compact light", "review": "Nice small light and quality build. Has the ability to strobe and dim by a notch. Just tap the power button. Not as bright as another one but definitely brighter than these other lights bought at the store. I'm just running it on a aa. Only draw back is the length of time it took to get it. It was slow slow slow. Amazon goal was to shorten their shipping times by building warehouses and now charging taxes. This works against them. As most people I know they have started to look elsewhere.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "daryl g hill", "review_date": "on February 21, 2013"}, "G. Whiz": {"title": "Still bright as ever", "review": "These things are bright. Really bright. The only complaint I have is that they are actually too small to hold comfortably. But light is bright, material is great and feels solid enough.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "G. Whiz", "review_date": "on November 26, 2012"}, "Shawna Hardy": {"title": "Dropped it one time from about 3ft on to dirt ...", "review": "Dropped it one time from about 3ft on to dirt and the piece that focuses the light broke. Will not buy these ever again", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Shawna Hardy", "review_date": "on January 7, 2018"}, "Ray leon": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "bright and compact design. have them all thru out my house.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ray leon", "review_date": "on February 18, 2017"}, "Russel Eckert": {"title": "Wow!", "review": "For the price you just can't beat this little light. It's smaller and brighter than my Maglite XL50, uses ONE AA battery instead of 3 AAA batteries, and NEVER gets turned on accidentally in my pocket!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Russel Eckert", "review_date": "on January 7, 2013"}, "Jim E": {"title": "Excellent Flashlight", "review": "A most amazing little flashlight.  And it runs on just 1 AA battery.  I just ordered several more and will use them as gifts at Christmas time.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jim E", "review_date": "on November 29, 2013"}, "Bob": {"title": "Great, very bright, well constructed", "review": "This is an outstanding little flashlight. Very well made and very bright. I immediately bought 8 more for Christmas presents.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bob", "review_date": "on December 31, 2012"}, "Seasun Lee": {"title": "Not the same as previous order", "review": "I had ordered 2 of these in a previous order and found them to be great. Really bright and solid. I ordered 4 more which took over a month to receive. These newer ones weren't as bright and the build is slightly different. The newer ones are slightly longer and the led looks different and is not even half as bright as the original 2. They are still brighter than my non led mini maglite so I guess I'll keep them.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Seasun Lee", "review_date": "on January 8, 2013"}, "MangoMan": {"title": "Danger!Danger!", "review": "Flashlight would not turn off and almost burned my hand. It seems there is a short and the battery power is turned into heat in the handle!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MangoMan", "review_date": "on July 18, 2017"}, "jimmy": {"title": "You get what you pay for.", "review": "very cheap. Light does not go very far in dark. You get what you pay for. Fast shipment.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jimmy", "review_date": "on January 8, 2018"}, "RadioRick": {"title": "Great little light!", "review": "This is the third time I've purchased these lights. Bright, well made, nice little units at a great price. I especially like that they just have ONE mode.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "RadioRick", "review_date": "on July 1, 2013"}, "Bart R.": {"title": "Great product, one minor issue.", "review": "Overall love the light. Only thing keeping it from being 5 stars for me is that switching the modes around can be a pain because it switches the mode as soon as it is turned off.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bart R.", "review_date": "on June 21, 2017"}, "David H. Chiang": {"title": "awesome", "review": "seriously, amazing for the price.  using 1 battery is also fantastic.  never have odd numbers of leftover batteries anymore.  I would buy more.  in fact, I bought 4.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David H. Chiang", "review_date": "on December 25, 2013"}, "pam mortensen": {"title": "great", "review": "great little lights", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "pam mortensen", "review_date": "on March 2, 2017"}, "Ken": {"title": "Inexpensive, \"cheap\", but they work.", "review": "I don't tend to like magnifier focus flashlights but for under four bucks, I figured I'd get a few extra flashlights. These are fine. Of the three I received one of them seems to have a poorly threaded end cap, but it gets on there... QC, through Quantity, I guess they call it. Not going to bother with returns etc... as it works, and it wasn't worth any hassle sending it back. Magnifier is typical for a flashlight of this type. You can focus it until you can see the outline of the LED chip on the wall. Brightness is just average. My take is it's good for extras to throw in the tackle box or glove box, Nice for <$4 stocking stuffers, but of course, not even close to replacing a decent EDC type light (and of course, nowhere near the price). Ok for what it is, worth the price, don't expect more.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ken", "review_date": "on November 10, 2013"}, "Freedom Isn't Free": {"title": "Bought 2 and one definitely is brighter than the other", "review": "Came in insulated envelopes within 2 weeks of ordering.  Decent performance thus far but of the 2 I bought, one is definitely a good deal brighter than the other.  I will try to update this rating as I use them more and give some more feedback on their durability and longevity after extended use.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Freedom Isn't Free", "review_date": "on July 29, 2013"}, "jkimod": {"title": "so bright", "review": "solid construction. very bright. it puts other led flashlights to shame at this price.  i had purchased a couple of these from another online retailer at a higher price so when i saw it here for less, it was a no-brainer to get a couple more.  i wouldn't hesitate to buy more if needed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jkimod", "review_date": "on January 23, 2013"}, "Ziqing Wang": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "it's worth 5 dollars of brightness.  it's small. light. and it's 5 bucks.  that's all i needed.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ziqing Wang", "review_date": "on May 26, 2015"}, "Gerald King": {"title": "Cree led flashlight", "review": "Amazing light for such a small flashlight, I would have given it 5 stars but I bought 3 of them, on one the switch broke after short use.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gerald King", "review_date": "on February 3, 2014"}, "LUIS MIGUEL NI\u00d1O LARA": {"title": "Luis Miguel Ni\u00f1o", "review": "Excelente producto", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "LUIS MIGUEL NI\u00d1O LARA", "review_date": "on June 15, 2017"}, "Taylor": {"title": "Two Stars", "review": "Died shortly after i got it. Eh.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Taylor", "review_date": "on November 16, 2014"}, "BGL": {"title": "Hit or miss", "review": "I'd love to rate these higher but they often seem to develop switch problems over time. Really too bad because they are great otherwise.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BGL", "review_date": "on December 7, 2013"}, "NameRequired": {"title": "Good", "review": "Decent light output, especially for the cost.  Has adjustable focus, and uses standard, triple A battery. Can't go wrong for the cost, highly recommend!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "NameRequired", "review_date": "on August 29, 2013"}, "rtm": {"title": "Nice", "review": "These are really nice bright little flashlights. They are very bright and easy to use for the small price. I like them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "rtm", "review_date": "on April 18, 2014"}, "Richard Easley": {"title": "Well worth the Money", "review": "Excellent value for the money. Work great and is very bright for a little light.  I bought several and plan to put them in every car.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard Easley", "review_date": "on February 3, 2014"}, "DJD": {"title": "Definitely not 300lm, construction is so-so, get an Olight I3S instead", "review": "I have surefire lights that are rated at 320 lumens, and this light does not even come close.I bought 3.  2 failed within a week.The \"zoom\" feature is really a cheap metal cylinder holding the horrible lens that slides forward and back which will eventually become very loose.In spotlight mode, the very center of the beam all you see is a square that is a reflection of the square CREE LED die and is very distracting.For a good pocket EDC light, get an Olight i3s.  yes, at $22 its a bit more than this light but it's reliable, has superior optics, is smaller, has terrific build quality , and will run forever on a single AAA battery.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DJD", "review_date": "on January 3, 2014"}, "James L Bolen": {"title": "SODIAL (TM) 7w 300lm Mini Cree Led Flashlight Torch Adjustable Focus Arived Befor Time ,Thank You Jim", "review": "Nice Little flashlight,AA battery goes in the light The adjustable works good , The Mini Cree Led Flashlight Works For Me James L Bolen", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James L Bolen", "review_date": "on November 28, 2013"}, "JC": {"title": "Quality product. Very bright LED (especially for the price).  Terrible on/off button.", "review": "Quality machining on the case.  The Cree LED is bright, especially for the extremely low price.  The on/off switch is recessed and VERY tough to click unless you have tiny hands.  That is pretty much a deal breaker, since turning it on and off with one-hand is a necessity for a pocket flashlight.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JC", "review_date": "on March 5, 2013"}, "Jerrold Winters": {"title": "HELP", "review": "One of the units does not work!!!  It should be replaced . There was no info as to who to contact. All the others work well.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jerrold Winters", "review_date": "on October 31, 2017"}, "Lloyd": {"title": "THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING LIGHT I HAVE EVER SEEN", "review": "REALLY!!!  It uses one AA battery and has more power than a spotlight.  Buy it just to be shocked.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lloyd", "review_date": "on September 14, 2014"}, "donna knapp": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "they did not come with any info.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "donna knapp", "review_date": "on July 22, 2017"}, "Scott Evans": {"title": "Small but mighty", "review": "This small flashlight puts out a very bright light that is surprising given its small size.  I like the hook so I can attach it to the corner of my pants pocket so it's readily available.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Scott Evans", "review_date": "on December 15, 2013"}, "Colin Smith": {"title": "Nice Size. Very bright. Good price.", "review": "I like that this is very bright in a very small package. Batteries run down quick, but since I use rechargeables that is ok. The Lion batteries are brighter than the AAs.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Colin Smith", "review_date": "on December 27, 2012"}, "M. Cox": {"title": "Small, bright, and cheap - I love it!", "review": "This is a great little light. It is cheap to run on 1 AA and the zoom is excellent. However, the manufacturer's claim of 300 Lm is over the top, the actual brightness is about half (depending on type of battery). Keeping in mind the price and a single AA to operate - this is a fine value in a small light weight, zoomable, BRIGHT light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M. Cox", "review_date": "on November 29, 2013"}, "Edwin Y. Zhao": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great quality for the price!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Edwin Y. Zhao", "review_date": "on March 23, 2017"}, "Raimundo Lopes": {"title": "Great! Great!", "review": "Great!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Raimundo Lopes", "review_date": "on December 17, 2017"}, "R Merten": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "love the AA, bright, use it everyday", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "R Merten", "review_date": "on August 7, 2017"}, "C": {"title": "Horrible", "review": "The tail cap button worked for maybe 4 clicks, now refuses to turn on. After clicking it about 20 times the flashlight might turn on, sometimes takes more clicks. On brand new battery it puts out less light then a 30 lumen flashlight. Sliding focus is useless. Light throw is about 10 feet at best. Maybe a faulty unit but I wouldn't recommend this flashlight at all.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "C", "review_date": "on November 17, 2012"}, "philip sinson": {"title": "One Star", "review": "does not work", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "philip sinson", "review_date": "on September 25, 2017"}, "Hunter Bryant": {"title": "Awesome!", "review": "These flashlights are basically free, and they are so bright they light up the room better than Liza Minelli's smile. I bought six for xmas gifts and they were well received.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Hunter Bryant", "review_date": "on December 31, 2012"}, "Dgihw": {"title": "NOT Waterproof - not even very water resistant", "review": "Absolutely love the flashlight, but it is not water resistant. The O rings are too loose. It let me down on a remote backcountry hike. It got damp in my daypack during a rainy day and would not work that night on the hike out.  I took it apart the next week. There was obvious moisture/condensation around the LED. I let it dry out for a week and it started to work again. I believe the problem is with the seal on the focusing/zoom barrel and in the seal between the lens and the barrel. I put silicon grease on the barrel to give a better seal and super glued the lens in place. Hopefully this will help some, but I never hike with this flashlight without a backup when it is damp weather.UPDATE:  got some more of these, and the second batch is better. The O ring on the zoom is much tighter. Maybe this is a fix, or just an example of loose quality control. If the zoom slides easily -- send it back. If it has some resistance, then the O ring seal is probably good.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dgihw", "review_date": "on January 27, 2015"}, "daniel": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Excellent led , portable", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "daniel", "review_date": "on April 8, 2018"}, "Jose": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great product!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jose", "review_date": "on October 25, 2017"}, "Seth L. Baer": {"title": "these flashlights are great. They seem very durable as well", "review": "For the price, these flashlights are great.  They seem very durable as well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Seth L. Baer", "review_date": "on October 21, 2017"}, "Strike": {"title": "Inexpensive and bright.", "review": "This flashlight has a lot of good things going for it.  It's inexpensive, bright, zooms, feels solid and looks rugged. I highly recommend it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Strike", "review_date": "on September 6, 2013"}, "BB": {"title": "Cheap, adjustable, bright", "review": "It's a really cheap AA powered LED flashlight. I got a bunch to just have around. I wish the focus locked, but it was cheap and I'm still happy.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BB", "review_date": "on June 12, 2013"}, "dulovi": {"title": "Bright as a star!  these are incredible.", "review": "These are truly incredibly bright lights. For five bucks  these are a deal. I have replaced all my old D cell flashlights with these. One AA battery, what a savings.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "dulovi", "review_date": "on December 4, 2012"}, "Charlie T": {"title": "Great for toolbelt", "review": "I attached mine to my toolbelt and can quickly pull it out whenever I need some light.  The zoom focus works very well, and the LED light is super bright.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Charlie T", "review_date": "on January 29, 2013"}, "BrunoM": {"title": "The on/off button does not age well. It gets ...", "review": "The  on/off button does not age well. It gets harder to turn (and keep) the light on as the product gets used.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BrunoM", "review_date": "on April 22, 2015"}, "Sondra Burnham": {"title": "Great flashlight", "review": "The brightest small flashlight I've ever seen.  Love that it covers a large circumfrance. Small enough to just pop in yyour pocket.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sondra Burnham", "review_date": "on November 20, 2013"}, "Kenneth johnson": {"title": "Good and helpful.", "review": "Wish they were brighter. Have been very helpful around the house to look in dark closets or searching for things in the car. Good product.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kenneth johnson", "review_date": "on July 7, 2017"}, "Deputy Dog rs": {"title": "Great value for a bright little light", "review": "Great little flashlight for the money. I always keep a few extras at home to give as gifts. Very bright for its size. Great to drop in a pocket and forget until you need it.  Only drawback is that it takes a while to get since it ships from overseas.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Deputy Dog rs", "review_date": "on January 4, 2014"}, "xlandml": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "ok", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "xlandml", "review_date": "on January 3, 2016"}, "Francis J. Schaefer": {"title": "Excellent Service.....will use it again", "review": "Excellent product.....excellent service.  This is a professionally made, durable product.  I recommend this to anyone looking for a dependable flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Francis J. Schaefer", "review_date": "on August 26, 2013"}, "A. Yan": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "The flashlight looks sturdy and bright, but it did not have the adjustable focus zoom.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A. Yan", "review_date": "on August 1, 2014"}, "E. Jones": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little flashlights!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "E. Jones", "review_date": "on July 30, 2017"}, "BWoodsSD": {"title": "Great product and great price!", "review": "Purchased 3 of these on special and they are great.  Had purchased one of these from a different vendor on another site and although they are the same \"model\" these ones are brighter and have a whiter light.  Great price for a great product!  Shipping was a little long but wasn't in a hurry so no big deal.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BWoodsSD", "review_date": "on December 9, 2012"}, "Oscar A Campos": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "They work great. Flashlights are small but do a great job of lighting up the area.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Oscar A Campos", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Daniel T. Doak": {"title": "Good Flashlight", "review": "We keep these in our vehicles, in the event we need a flashlight. You can find them on eBay for about the same price. Noticed these are a little bit of a cooler white then the ones of gotten off of eBay. They both has the same brightness. For the money, they really can't be beat.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Daniel T. Doak", "review_date": "on January 4, 2013"}, "John from OC": {"title": "Amazing little light for such a small price", "review": "I was a little skeptical about this light, but it exceeded my expectations. Highly recommended for the small price. Although, it took over 3 weeks on a slow boat from China.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John from OC", "review_date": "on November 24, 2012"}, "Rob": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Nice inexpensive torch.  Adjustable focus is inconsistent", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rob", "review_date": "on January 18, 2015"}, "drupylv": {"title": "3 modes super bright and only one aa battery needed get this", "review": "1 aa battery and this thing is so bright. Plus it ha three modes a full power mode a less power mode and a strobe mode.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "drupylv", "review_date": "on November 2, 2013"}, "PetroskiCarpentry": {"title": "Good and very bright. 1 bad out of 4", "review": "Bought four of these, one failed on me but since they where so cheap It didn't bother me. I use 3.7 volt rechargeable battery's for extra kick.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "PetroskiCarpentry", "review_date": "on February 6, 2013"}, "John Long": {"title": "Amazing amount of light from a tiny (and inexpensive) package", "review": "Very little and very inexpensive. Puts out an amazingly bright beam. The only drawback is it requires a special battery to get MAXIMUM light (a 3.7v battery that is the same size as a standard AA battery). However, it will work with a regular AA battery also. Two of the special batteries and the charger cost about $12.00.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John Long", "review_date": "on June 5, 2013"}, "cowgirl386": {"title": "Not happy", "review": "The batteries in BOTH flashlights were no good.  It took 6 AAA batteries.  Not happy.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "cowgirl386", "review_date": "on May 14, 2017"}, "Null Set": {"title": "Compact and BRIGHT", "review": "Easy to carry, very light, and very bright!  I have used it extensively since I received it and it is now part of my every day attire.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Null Set", "review_date": "on March 3, 2013"}, "Scot S.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Super bright light in a small package.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Scot S.", "review_date": "on October 3, 2017"}, "Slycer": {"title": "Love these things", "review": "I keep buying them whenever I find them on sale, haven't been disappointed yet, great light output, single battery, zooming great feature.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Slycer", "review_date": "on May 30, 2013"}, "Chyral": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great for the kids camping trips. Light is bright!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chyral", "review_date": "on September 26, 2017"}, "Jeanie C. Martin": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Awesome flashlight! Solid construction and the light range is amazing. You will not be disappointed with this purchase.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jeanie C. Martin", "review_date": "on May 24, 2017"}, "JQ": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little flashlight for nightstand, car or travel.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JQ", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "Tnmurdock": {"title": "Great flashlight", "review": "Enjoy the flashlight. Works great. Takes a few extra days to get the package. But they let you know that up front. So overall, I would recommend buying this flashlight", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tnmurdock", "review_date": "on November 22, 2012"}, "Scooter": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little light that I keep in my day bag.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Scooter", "review_date": "on February 27, 2015"}, "ROBAMA": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "MUY BUEN PRODUCTO", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ROBAMA", "review_date": "on February 24, 2017"}, "wildrice.": {"title": "They work as advertised. It's a handy little light ...", "review": "They work as advertised.  It's a handy little light.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "wildrice.", "review_date": "on March 26, 2017"}, "ralph the driver": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "NICE FOR THE PRICE", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ralph the driver", "review_date": "on October 5, 2015"}, "Anon": {"title": "Worth the price, but not perfect.", "review": "Not quite as nice as I expected. Rough edges and the anodizing was wore off in a few places. But was it worth the low price? Yes.Fast shipping, too.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Anon", "review_date": "on May 30, 2013"}, "KWT": {"title": "Great Light", "review": "Compact size and clip make this a highly pocketable / portable flashlight.Is very bright -- brighter than my 100 lumen lights, but not too sure that it's rating meets specs.Overall a real deal.  Be prepared for a long ship date.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "KWT", "review_date": "on April 30, 2013"}, "juan martinez": {"title": "Feels like I'm using a 100 dollar flashlight so worth it ...", "review": "This item for 10 dollars is so worth it!!! Feels like I'm using a 100 dollar flashlight so worth it ordering more!!!!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "juan martinez", "review_date": "on June 29, 2017"}, "Linda C": {"title": "... a gift and my personal use and both were great. I lost mine and reordered the same", "review": "I had ordered 2 of these before for a gift and my personal use and both were great. I lost mine and reordered the same. This one fell apart within a week. It was definitely not built as well. It is worthless. I had intended to buy several more for stocking stuffers but not anymore since there the quality control is lacking.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Linda C", "review_date": "on November 30, 2015"}, "trevor burkhart": {"title": "Nice", "review": "If all products were made as well as this flashlight the world would be a better place! The flashlight appears to be made so strong it looks like it is indestructible", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "trevor burkhart", "review_date": "on December 1, 2016"}, "Travis": {"title": "High quality very good price", "review": "This thing is cheap, reliable, and very bright. If I would have a use for them I would buy more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Travis", "review_date": "on December 4, 2013"}, "Michael Cardone": {"title": "Works great and even survived a hand washing submerged in water", "review": "Works great and even survived a hand washing submerged in water.My personal gripes would be when you focus the light it looks like a logo instead of a generic beam and between the different flashlights the \"logo\" isn't even placed at the same consistent angle. And I wish there was a option on the side to toggle modes instead of hitting the power. If you turn it off and on you will have bright light, dimmer light, and the strobe mode and it's somewhat annoying when you're trying to just use a damn flashlight and have to turn it off and on just to get the right light or at least not turn on in strobe mode. Minor stuff and I can't think of a multi-mode LED flashlight that isn't setup like that, but I sure with someone would set them up that way.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael Cardone", "review_date": "on January 12, 2018"}, "Lauren B. Blowers": {"title": "Nice", "review": "Excellant light for the money, got three for around the house, etc. Rivals more expensive torches easily.Three more words.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lauren B. Blowers", "review_date": "on February 20, 2013"}, "Gerard W Salvia": {"title": "Awesome", "review": "Great for light handy work or just to have in the glove box. I use it daily and the battery life is outstanding", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gerard W Salvia", "review_date": "on July 11, 2013"}, "BW": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Durable, lightweight and very bright", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "BW", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Travis Germany": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great flashlight, use it all the time. Also a great deal!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Travis Germany", "review_date": "on May 23, 2017"}, "Lauren Walsh": {"title": "One Star", "review": "Ridiculously small. You are mislead by the picture on the site.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lauren Walsh", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "anthony r.": {"title": "Works good for keeping their hands off the good stuff", "review": "Budget light for a kid to destroy. Works good for keeping their hands off the good stuff. Lol", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "anthony r.", "review_date": "on December 8, 2016"}, "Jeremy A.": {"title": "Nice lil light", "review": "This light worked great for camping seems to have great light output.  Uses jut one double aa battery great great", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jeremy A.", "review_date": "on June 12, 2013"}, "ASH": {"title": "Great bright light", "review": "Got this because it uses either regular AA or 3.7v 14500 batteries. It gives a nice bright white light. I would recommend this item to a friend.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ASH", "review_date": "on March 20, 2013"}, "Clark Kent": {"title": "Bright as can be........", "review": "Not disappointed at all.  The wait for shipment from China was well worth it.Be sure and use the Lithium cells!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Clark Kent", "review_date": "on May 2, 2013"}, "Aaron Dobkin": {"title": "Very poor light for a flash light", "review": "Don't let the edgy design fool you. Very poor light for a flash light.  Gives off as much as much light as a 3 dollar harbor freight 2 pack.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Aaron Dobkin", "review_date": "on May 10, 2017"}, "George Molina": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Wow, can't believe how much light we get out of this little one.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "George Molina", "review_date": "on June 6, 2017"}, "T A": {"title": "I like the light, durable and mobile", "review": "Though I received it later than the expected day, I still like it. It contains abilities that I expected such as mobile and durable. The light shape is also interested, it looks like a punch.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "T A", "review_date": "on November 13, 2012"}, "Benb": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Have given away several and have ordered more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Benb", "review_date": "on November 24, 2014"}, "aong714": {"title": "nice flashlight", "review": "This is surprisingly bright for the size.  I like how it uses a standard AA battery.  Works well and very portable.  I ordered a couple and the ones i received were gunmetal in color with an orange button.  Looks way better than the black one in the picture.  Don't even think twice, this is worth the money.  Not 300 lumen, but what do you expect for less than six dollars.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "aong714", "review_date": "on December 18, 2012"}, "Brent M.": {"title": "Good buy.", "review": "Excellent quality.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Brent M.", "review_date": "on September 27, 2017"}, "justin nally": {"title": "great buy!", "review": "I love these flashlights. First I ordered 3 of them to see how they were. After I got them I liked them so much (and so did my friends) that I ordered 15 more!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "justin nally", "review_date": "on December 13, 2013"}, "Laura": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little bright light!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Laura", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Rude dog": {"title": "Lot of light for the money", "review": "I got this for my wife to use at night. WOW alot of light for such a small flashlight. I would recommed to others. Great price, Great product.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rude dog", "review_date": "on February 28, 2014"}, "Richard Warner": {"title": "Rock solid flashlight", "review": "Great flash light", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard Warner", "review_date": "on September 27, 2017"}, "miguel arellano": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "super bright, and very handy. great buy for under $10", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "miguel arellano", "review_date": "on October 9, 2017"}, "John R.": {"title": "Great product - reasonable price", "review": "I have one for the car and one for my scooter.  One of the settings is rapid flashing.  I figure if I ever break down at night this will come in handy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John R.", "review_date": "on March 24, 2013"}, "Canoe Man": {"title": "Low Quality", "review": "When this worked the light was awesome.  Very bright and good distance.  The switch on 2 of the 3 I ordered quit after a couple of months.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Canoe Man", "review_date": "on October 12, 2013"}, "K Reed": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Awesome little light, highly recommend", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "K Reed", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "Chance": {"title": "Exceptional deal!", "review": "I took a leap of faith and bought a couple of these lights and they emit a bright circle of light. The only other lights I have that compare to these are slightly brighter but come in at nearly 6 times the price. Definitely a good deal if you don't want to spend 30$+ on a flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chance", "review_date": "on December 10, 2012"}, "Bob C": {"title": "small pocket/glove compartment light", "review": "nice light from one AA battery,but i've seen brighter.tough and waterproof nicely machined with clip.good value for the money", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bob C", "review_date": "on February 5, 2013"}, "JennyZ": {"title": "bright light, using only one AA battery", "review": "The light is strong and bright, the flashlight uses only one AA battery, it's amazingly bright. Highly recommend this product!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JennyZ", "review_date": "on January 28, 2013"}, "CoffinSupply": {"title": "A+++ all around!!", "review": "PROS: Integrated belt clip. Bright and works from far away with focus feature. Very durable.No cons!! Must have in your purse!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CoffinSupply", "review_date": "on November 24, 2012"}, "R. E. Stevens": {"title": "Good small flashlight", "review": "Its a good small flashlight. Well built and for a single AA battery. Very bright. Good buy. Recommended. Nuff said", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "R. E. Stevens", "review_date": "on November 27, 2012"}, "Adam": {"title": "good for the vehicle", "review": "Work well, good for the vehicle.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Adam", "review_date": "on August 28, 2017"}, "Eli  Sand": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "LOVE them", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Eli  Sand", "review_date": "on April 13, 2015"}, "215Fire": {"title": "Nice light", "review": "I use almost every day! I keep one in my truck and one in my bunker coat. Very bright and wide angle beam. upgraded to tenergy battery. much brighter!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "215Fire", "review_date": "on March 21, 2013"}, "Karlo": {"title": "normal product", "review": "This is a nice, bright flashlight with good battery life. However, only a few weeks after I got it the switch started to fail. Now if I turn it off I have to wait a while before I can turn it back on again, which is pretty annoying.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Karlo", "review_date": "on January 12, 2014"}, "one4speed": {"title": "Bright and small", "review": "Bright and adjustable.  The size makes it easy to carry.  Should serve my intended purpose well.  Should be water resistant.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "one4speed", "review_date": "on November 27, 2012"}, "Tom_222": {"title": "sometimes the switch wont work", "review": "sometimes the switch wont work but bright", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tom_222", "review_date": "on July 12, 2016"}, "George Stockwell": {"title": "Excellent Pocket Light", "review": "For the price, I have not found anything that comes close to this light.It works well and has good battery life. I highly recommend it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "George Stockwell", "review_date": "on February 16, 2013"}, "Jack": {"title": "these things are great to have around", "review": "these things are great to have around", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jack", "review_date": "on October 4, 2014"}, "omario": {"title": "awsome", "review": "Best bang for the buck period! Great light output and lasts a long time. This is a must have item.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "omario", "review_date": "on November 9, 2013"}, "Bernard G. Reeb": {"title": "Great little flashlight", "review": "Great little flashlight. Bright and adjustable for close up or distance.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bernard G. Reeb", "review_date": "on October 13, 2017"}, "Unshine": {"title": "only marginally average, at best. and that's if all of the flashlights work.", "review": "short and sweet -- one worked, one didn't.they're pretty dim, granting powered off a single, AAA battery. That's only 1.5v. their rather small size is appealing for storage in an automobile or a purse, i suppose. those were the purchase designs here, anyway or it's highly unlikely would have gone this route.contacted the company twice, indicating one worked/one didn't. IDK yet if they've responded; I don't manage this account. my wife's account and I'm the occasional buyer. that said, looking at the order history, there's no clear Amazon indication that any adjustments have been made.lastly, seems one can reasonably expect a hit & miss scenario with these -- notice the irregular pricing, strongly nudging a buyer toward a larger collection. to whit -- we bought a 2-pack for $9.99; now i see both that same 2-pack but also a 4-pack for $12.99.caveat emptor", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Unshine", "review_date": "on May 20, 2017"}, "Jay Foster": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "these flashlights are awesome!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jay Foster", "review_date": "on June 26, 2017"}, "G. Davis": {"title": "Highly recommended!", "review": "A very bright flashlight that allows me to see at long distances in the dark of night.  Highly recommended!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "G. Davis", "review_date": "on March 2, 2015"}, "JnS": {"title": "Can't beat this flashlight for the cost. Bright, ...", "review": "Can't beat this flashlight for the cost. Bright, reliable and well built. Worth the wait in shipping from overseas. First purchase was for three and since then I've purchased three more. Use them for work and at home.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "JnS", "review_date": "on June 29, 2014"}, "Alan Neves": {"title": "I LOVE THESE LITTLE FLASHLIGHTS!", "review": "Talk about handy!! These little flashlights really kick backside.....They are sturdy and super bright. I use these for camping, general use around the house and emergency lighting.I have put one in pretty much every room so that they are accessible.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Alan Neves", "review_date": "on February 7, 2013"}, "Bennet Wong": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little light. Takes a long time to deliver", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bennet Wong", "review_date": "on July 22, 2014"}, "A Customer 9999999": {"title": "Not for rugged use.", "review": "Dropped the light one time. Now the slightest change in grip will turn it to strobe or off. But it's bright.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A Customer 9999999", "review_date": "on February 23, 2017"}, "Dennis Donlon": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Excellent flashlight and a very good value.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dennis Donlon", "review_date": "on September 27, 2017"}, "TEW": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great light for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "TEW", "review_date": "on December 9, 2014"}, "Anwesh Reddy": {"title": "Tiny and handy", "review": "Its a tiny led torch which is very handy on the go and even to leave it in the back pack. produces descent lighting for the price and i recommend this product if u r looking for a torch to make ur work done in a hurry", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Anwesh Reddy", "review_date": "on May 19, 2013"}, "F. Barcelona": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great mini flashlight that packs a punch in brightness", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "F. Barcelona", "review_date": "on December 18, 2016"}, "Tanbarksails": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great Product !", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tanbarksails", "review_date": "on January 1, 2015"}, "tonysnoo": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "great lights", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tonysnoo", "review_date": "on January 20, 2015"}, "Paul P.": {"title": "Good light for the money.", "review": "For the money this light is bright and seems to be pretty well made. I plan to buy more of these.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Paul P.", "review_date": "on July 8, 2013"}, "hdpartman": {"title": "Great Small flashlight, remember you do need to buy a battery charger and and rechargeable battery's,", "review": "No, you can't find the batteries at your local supermarket, nor do I believe you could find at Best Buy....", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "hdpartman", "review_date": "on January 31, 2013"}, "miguel angel da silva rodriguez": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "bien", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "miguel angel da silva rodriguez", "review_date": "on March 21, 2015"}, "securityguy": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "small but good for price", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "securityguy", "review_date": "on November 8, 2014"}, "PeterSea": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "EXCEED the EXPECTATION for the price I paid for.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "PeterSea", "review_date": "on May 4, 2015"}, "Doris": {"title": "My Mini cree Led flashlight", "review": "My nephew told me about this light so I ordered 2 of them and could not believe how bright they are. Yesterday I ordered 4 more I highly reccomend this light for a ladys purse or night stand or a gift. Which is why I ordered more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Doris", "review_date": "on June 19, 2013"}, "Obafemi ": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "They are working good. I love it!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Obafemi ", "review_date": "on April 6, 2018"}, "CF": {"title": "Pretty good for less than five bucks", "review": "Pretty good for less than five bucks, seller was \"warm-mart\". The only mode is on-off, no strobe or low. I run rechargeable enloops in it and they can keep their voltage for an hour of constant use with no noticeable dimming. I'd imagine alkalines would dim much faster.I got another flashlight that takes 3 aaa batts from warm-mart, the quality on it is terrible", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "CF", "review_date": "on November 27, 2012"}, "timelesstraveler": {"title": "not the nicer version, but not bad", "review": "Mine came in a generic white box, no markings, no instructions, no battery.  It is not the multiple mode version also found on amazon.  The switch's only function is on/off.  It draws ~330ma current.  The zoom function is a bit rough but the beam is quite even.  At it's widest it's still somewhat narrow.  For the fiver it cost, it's awesome.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "timelesstraveler", "review_date": "on February 13, 2013"}, "Emanuel": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great product..", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Emanuel", "review_date": "on April 9, 2018"}, "brad whittaker": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Awesome", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "brad whittaker", "review_date": "on July 28, 2017"}, "Sylvia": {"title": "I love them, very compact and bright light", "review": "I  love them , very compact and bright light.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sylvia", "review_date": "on September 24, 2017"}, "tjgasaway": {"title": "love it", "review": "good", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tjgasaway", "review_date": "on January 1, 2015"}, "andy": {"title": "Great little but bright lights!", "review": "These little lights are so good I love them they are so cheap but so bright great light to carry in your pocket at all times!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "andy", "review_date": "on November 26, 2013"}, "Sergio B.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Happy with purchase!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sergio B.", "review_date": "on December 5, 2016"}, "Rodney": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "great lite", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rodney", "review_date": "on December 30, 2014"}, "David C.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Nice bright light, built well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David C.", "review_date": "on January 11, 2015"}, "Matt Macurdy": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Bright. 3 settings, strobe, bright and dim. Can focus light smaller.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Matt Macurdy", "review_date": "on September 20, 2017"}, "john lorenzo": {"title": "great", "review": "excellent one of the best flashlights I have ever owned! For as small as it is, it's brighter than most of the big one's like maglites yet a fraction of the size and powers of ! AA battery", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "john lorenzo", "review_date": "on November 19, 2012"}, "Dealseaker": {"title": "great super bright lamp", "review": "Great flashlight super bright and very portable. Seems to be built well, solid feel not the cheep plastic. For the price this is a steal.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dealseaker", "review_date": "on November 30, 2012"}, "mek": {"title": "Based on the good reviews, I bought this pack of two flashlights ...", "review": "Based on the good reviews, I bought this pack of two flashlights in preparation for Hurricane Irma, as I live in Central Florida. One of the two in the pack is defective. The on/off switch does not work so that the light shines as soon as the battery is in and it cannot be turned off without taking out the battery.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mek", "review_date": "on September 7, 2017"}, "60ndown": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "cheap light works well", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "60ndown", "review_date": "on March 24, 2015"}, "R. Woodbridge": {"title": "Excellent for the price", "review": "These little lights are very bright and just the right size to keep in your car or tractor or ATV.  I bought two.  For the price, you can't beat them.  Do expect to wait about a month or more for it to arrive form Hong Kong.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "R. Woodbridge", "review_date": "on March 2, 2013"}, "Timstoys": {"title": "Great Christmas presents!!", "review": "I bought 20 of these at $4.99 and gave them away as Christmas presents. I tested every one to make sure they worked. These all had the 3 mode switch and seemed very well built. I have one of my own I carry and use several times a day that was bought from another vendor but it only has on/off. As one of the other reviewers said everyone should own one of these.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Timstoys", "review_date": "on January 6, 2013"}, "James Wolf": {"title": "Awesome flashlight", "review": "I have friends with similar sized flashlights that cost 10x as much but don't deliver 10x the brightness. Also, it takes AAA batteries?! SOLD!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James Wolf", "review_date": "on June 14, 2013"}, "evilidcat": {"title": "Very bright.", "review": "They may be little but they are very very bright. I bought three of these and would love to have more. Caught them on sale.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "evilidcat", "review_date": "on March 2, 2013"}, "Lee Wilson": {"title": "Good product; sweet deal($)", "review": "Good product; sweet deal($); quick delivery.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lee Wilson", "review_date": "on September 28, 2017"}, "Greystone": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Compact and solid", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Greystone", "review_date": "on July 30, 2017"}, "Adam Gaynier": {"title": "Not bad for under $5", "review": "Not a bad flashlight.  I carry it as a backup to a surefire, streamlight, or ultrafire; depending on what I am doing.  I do not think it is 300 lumens and the one I received was not a multifunction light as was stated.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Adam Gaynier", "review_date": "on June 2, 2013"}, "Jason...": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great Quality ... Very durable", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jason...", "review_date": "on September 25, 2017"}, "Craig Taylor": {"title": "A cimplete waste of money.", "review": "Absolute junk..Received the 2 lights today : 1 light does not telescope at all..The other turns to strobe whenever you put it downon a hard surface.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Craig Taylor", "review_date": "on April 13, 2017"}, "Ray hill": {"title": "Cheap Chinese made piece of crap", "review": "Light has a strong blue tint, lens is plastic, clip is cheap and won't last, overall \"feel\" is low quality. The light beam is poor and weak. Do not buy this product. It was totally disappointing.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ray hill", "review_date": "on June 6, 2013"}, "The Irishman": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great Flashlight", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "The Irishman", "review_date": "on July 28, 2017"}, "Zhillsguy": {"title": "Not Completely As Advertised", "review": "The model I received did NOT have the adjustable focus. The round lens protrudes slightly beyond the end,and the power button protrudes slightly from the other, making it impossible to stand up straight on a flat surface on either end, which I consider a semi-epic fail. I bought some of these in 2012 with the adjustable focus, and I like those particular units better. This one seems to be slightly lighter than those as well (perhaps more plastic).In operation, I can't distinguish one as being brighter than the other, both appear almost identical in brightness and beam width, checked outdoors at night.Shipping was slow, ordered on July 11 and received on August 4, but I knew that going in.For the two reasons in my first paragraph above I am knocking off 2 stars.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Zhillsguy", "review_date": "on August 6, 2014"}, "Matthew Thomas": {"title": "Great deal", "review": "Great deal", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Matthew Thomas", "review_date": "on September 29, 2017"}, "Joseph": {"title": "only one switch mode!", "review": "Nice product, very bright, cheap, you should buy batarrys by yourself. You should remember that it has only one switch mode!!!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Joseph", "review_date": "on November 30, 2012"}, "Gerardo": {"title": "Amazing", "review": "This thing is amazing for the price!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gerardo", "review_date": "on December 4, 2016"}, "Andre Shilenko": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Powerful enough and handy tools to run quick inspections of my car.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Andre Shilenko", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "M. Greene": {"title": "Quite nice", "review": "Great little light.  It has a tight, CRISP focus (~4\" at 6') and is much brighter than I expected it to be.Three fuctions: High, low, and strobe", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M. Greene", "review_date": "on September 11, 2013"}, "Paun Marin": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "Gooooooood", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Paun Marin", "review_date": "on November 16, 2017"}, "Bobby K.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bobby K.", "review_date": "on October 9, 2017"}, "Big Hammer": {"title": "Works pretty well", "review": "Not quite the equal to a similar model I purchased from a different source.The brighter unit has a second lens under the outer one. This one appears to have a bubble lens mounted directly on the emitter instead.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Big Hammer", "review_date": "on December 21, 2012"}, "Dennis Highsmith": {"title": "Flashlights", "review": "Great little flashlights!!! Been giving them as gifts!!! Very pleased with product and service!!! Thanks Again!!!  Love the flashlight and they are very bright!!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dennis Highsmith", "review_date": "on February 4, 2013"}, "John Mason": {"title": "Very impressive", "review": "This little light is incredibly impressive. Heavy weight, feels high-quality. Beam adjustment works well. Shipping takes a while from overseas. I will definitely buy this again.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John Mason", "review_date": "on December 28, 2012"}, "Cap": {"title": "best price", "review": "I only need the 3,7v. battery to make this a 300 lumen flashlight. This is a very compact light,and I like the adjustable beam.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cap", "review_date": "on November 24, 2012"}, "Thomas R Fox": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "It was just as described", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Thomas R Fox", "review_date": "on October 8, 2017"}, "mary": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "prompt shipping and great item", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mary", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "mohand reyyashi": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "nice", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "mohand reyyashi", "review_date": "on February 19, 2018"}, "Kato": {"title": "good product", "review": "I order this little flash light to replace  the one I order from eBay I have problem with the switch I hope this one don't have the same problem price is good fast service I recommend to my friends...thanks", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kato", "review_date": "on April 8, 2013"}, "DenverDawg": {"title": "Not rugged. Not even a little...", "review": "I got this in June of this year.  After less than four months, it's broken.  Something is rattling around inside, it won't zoom in all the way any more, and there are two rubber band like things that (I'm guessing) used to be inside the flashlight and are very likely related to why it isn't working any more.  My work backpack has a pocket on the shoulder strap. It had been in that pocket for maybe a month before I discovered it had broken.This flashlight is not rugged. Not even a little.  If clipping it on an office worker's backpack for a month breaks something... Well let's just say I'm glad I didn't get into a situation where I was relying on this light. Very glad.Oh, and nothing at all on this product offering about warranty, how to return it, etc.  Honestly, I wouldn't accept a replacement. Only a refund.One other and less important gripe: The pocket clip is way too rigid and is really hard to get on anything.  That's why I put it on the pocket on my backpack shoulder strap. I couldn't even get the clip over the edge of my jeans pocket without using a tool to pry it open.Move on...get something else. Anything.  A glow stick would be better and last longer.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DenverDawg", "review_date": "on October 24, 2017"}, "dudetoml": {"title": "Initial Quality Issues", "review": "One of the flashlights worked great right out of the box. The second light had an issue with the focusing collar. Extending the collar took a greater amount of effort over the first one and it snapped back upon releasing it. If there's an o-ring inside, it's too snug and is creating vacuum on extension. It doesn't snap back all the way leaving about one-eighth inch gap. The only way I could retract it all the way was by rotating the collar as I pressed down and as I pulled up. Eventually I could fully extend it and retract it with no issues. The same flashlight had a short issue with the switch. One day upon pressing the on-off button it flashed on momentarily then remained off. Pushing down on the button had no effect and the switch would not lock in position. It wouldn't even rotate to the next position. I Removed the switch portion from the main body and tapped it on a table and tried pressing again. No change. I eventually screwed the switch back figuring that it was broken. After screwing it back on I tried  pushing the button one last time. It worked again! Probably some debris inside the switch worked free. I was going to ask the seller for a new switch as the problem could occur again at some inconvenient future time.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "dudetoml", "review_date": "on September 1, 2017"}, "Larry Maleszewski": {"title": "They do the job, but be realiztic", "review": "Yes, just ok.  Runs on a single AA battery.  Ok light in a pinch.  We're not talking about a zillion lumens, by any stretch.  But, click the button, the light goes on.  Simple three mode mechanism.  Adjustable bezel, push/pull, to adjust beam size.  Flood setting looks best, but not the brighest.  Worth the buy, in case of an emergency. Besides, AA batteries are cheaper than dirt, and so easy to find.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Larry Maleszewski", "review_date": "on May 14, 2017"}, "jhorman": {"title": "I guest you get for what you pay", "review": "The clip fall off the crystal is made out plastic and to get a brighter light I yum a different battery inside.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jhorman", "review_date": "on July 17, 2013"}, "Ryan Peterson": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little flashlights!!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ryan Peterson", "review_date": "on July 27, 2017"}, "Cleve Trevenen": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These are great. The light is extremely bright.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cleve Trevenen", "review_date": "on October 19, 2014"}, "walter": {"title": "good light for cost", "review": "Good light for price. But only outputs 200 lumins not 300 lumins as advertised. Overall review is 4 star .", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "walter", "review_date": "on October 15, 2013"}, "Carmen Ferraioli": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Very good.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Carmen Ferraioli", "review_date": "on May 24, 2017"}, "Kenneth": {"title": "Neither flashlight worked. Checked my batteries in another light ...", "review": "Neither flashlight worked.  Checked my batteries in another light , problem with Rockbirds flashlight ,", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kenneth", "review_date": "on September 14, 2017"}, "Mark Daniels": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Best yet", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mark Daniels", "review_date": "on September 26, 2017"}, "Richard Ortisi": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great flashlight. Small but powerful.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Richard Ortisi", "review_date": "on May 20, 2017"}, "Rocknrun": {"title": "Nice For The Price", "review": "I am very impressed with how well built this little flashlight is. The pocket clip is very strong and the entire light seems very well made. For it's size it does a good job of lighting things up.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rocknrun", "review_date": "on May 2, 2013"}, "Michelle Montvai": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "One of the three flashlights did not work", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michelle Montvai", "review_date": "on June 21, 2017"}, "J. Evangelista": {"title": "Bright bright bright!!!!", "review": "I took pictures of one of my bright (almost) pen size flashlight and this one prrojected on my ceiling so u can see how bright it is. Finding a way to post them.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J. Evangelista", "review_date": "on April 14, 2013"}, "michael nichols": {"title": "hard to beat", "review": "Cant beat this light for the price. solid and super bright. I got 3, and i think i need 3 more.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "michael nichols", "review_date": "on October 2, 2013"}, "Anneudys H.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great item thanks", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Anneudys H.", "review_date": "on May 15, 2017"}, "Wolf Barber": {"title": "Bright little lights. Good buy.", "review": "Great little lights. The only two downsides are that the clip is tempered and will break if you try to bend it a little more so it's easier to clip on your pocket. The other is that when you turn it off, and then back on it goes to the next mode. So if you turn it off on the bright setting and turn it turn it back on, it'll be on the low setting. The modes are bright, low, & strobe. So I just switch it to strobe before I turn it off, that way it comes on bright. Not a deal breaker for me. But for some it might be.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Wolf Barber", "review_date": "on April 27, 2017"}, "Joshua Smith": {"title": "Decent light", "review": "This light was dimmer than I thought, but it works for a good house light. Don't buy if you're looking for ultra bright tactical.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Joshua Smith", "review_date": "on June 26, 2013"}, "R D Chadwick": {"title": "Recommend buy", "review": "Bright & dependable bought two 1 for car & 1 for network bag just right spot working in network closet", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "R D Chadwick", "review_date": "on December 7, 2012"}, "guitarslinger": {"title": "Dig this item!", "review": "It telescopes, it had 3 settings bright and dimmer and flashing. It's really bright for a one AA battery flashlight. The clip is durable and  fits clips right onto my pocket or my belt. Totally recommend and I can't believe this item was so cheap.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "guitarslinger", "review_date": "on July 14, 2013"}, "Jay Also": {"title": "This is my go to EDC light for work(pest control ...", "review": "This is my go to EDC light for work(pest control and environmental health inspections). Waaaay brighter and more durable than you'd expect from a 4 dollar light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jay Also", "review_date": "on December 3, 2014"}, "yyz222": {"title": "Disappointed", "review": "Delivery and packaging was great but the item is poor quality, cheap feeling although it has a metal body.  When screwing on the cap to battery compartment the metal sheered on the threads.  I do not imagine it will be very long lasting.  The light is good, though the pinpoint beam, I expected, would be more spot focused, it is still a fairly wide beam", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "yyz222", "review_date": "on May 20, 2017"}, "talfred": {"title": "Awesome product for the price", "review": "Don't get fooled down by the price/size.This flashlight is really bright and is really handy....I would definitely suggest this flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "talfred", "review_date": "on April 21, 2013"}, "Ben Kell": {"title": "Ehh...Cheap", "review": "They're cheap, but you knew that already. They're definitely not streamlight flashlights, but I mean, for the kids to have in their pocket while we're camping, who cares. They put off a square light. They squareness dissipates some as you zoom it. If you want a cheap couple lights for the kids, grab these. But for your car or backpack, I'd spend a bit more.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ben Kell", "review_date": "on December 29, 2016"}, "donholton": {"title": "SODIAL-7W", "review": "great little flash lite I use rechargeable batteries 1.2v  they work great they last about a week on daily use", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "donholton", "review_date": "on February 25, 2013"}, "James R Yelle Sr": {"title": "best flashlight to have", "review": "great Flashlight ,", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James R Yelle Sr", "review_date": "on June 4, 2017"}, "John Bingham": {"title": "Total JUNK!", "review": "Junk. One had the on off button quit working after a few uses and the other won\u2019t turn on half the time. Oh yeah and sometimes it just blinks and blinks and won\u2019t shut off. Have to take battery out to shut it off.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John Bingham", "review_date": "on January 9, 2018"}, "love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "compact and work great.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "review_date": "on July 4, 2017"}, "Barton Meeks": {"title": "Good, simple light from one AA", "review": "I'm happy with it. I've only tried a previously used AA battery in it, I don't yet have a 14500 and charger. Simple on/off button controls, and focus/zoom allows you to transition from spot to flood. With more experience with reliability, battery life and battery types, I may be back to give this another star.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Barton Meeks", "review_date": "on December 10, 2012"}, "Seth": {"title": "... a long time of carrying these disappointments I am glad to say I can buy a new flash light", "review": "After a long time of carrying these disappointments I am glad to say I can buy a new flash light. They are okay for throw away flash lights but they are very undependable and aren't really worth keeping for more than a week. I run a small business that requires me to constantly use a flash light and I bought these as a test run. After about a week they started going in and out. I replaced the batteries and still it only worked about 45% of the time. I'm not a picky person but these had a pretty bad short in their switch so I just kept them in a drawer and used them intermittently. Glad to say though they are finally dead as a door nail and I can replace them with something a lot better.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Seth", "review_date": "on January 18, 2018"}, "Andrew Wollman": {"title": "worth every dime", "review": "Very bright for its size, can out shine many flashlights twice its size, and it's well built in metal casing, not to mention it looks great as well.  Can't go wrong!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Andrew Wollman", "review_date": "on April 17, 2013"}, "Frak": {"title": "Very Dim and Disappointing.", "review": "Incredibly dim. The rubber on the button is warped and bubbled. I found metal shavings in the threading of the battery chamber. Did I mention that it is so dim it's pathetic? I was going to give this as a gift but after trying it out I would be so ashamed if I had given it. Other than the metal shavings, warped rubber button and a pretty poor battery fit it does feel like it does feel like it is a well built flashlight, too bad that its so weak at actually producing light.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Frak", "review_date": "on June 26, 2017"}, "NRGPRO": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Excellent!!!  Buy 5 for the house and car.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "NRGPRO", "review_date": "on July 15, 2014"}, "charlieatdmf": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Slick.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "charlieatdmf", "review_date": "on April 10, 2015"}, "Shane P": {"title": "Surprisingly useful at a very cheap price", "review": "ProsBright lightLight is adjustableIt has good weight so feels like it won't smash apart when dropped.Don't have to hold down the button to keep the light onCons:Clip not all that useful", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Shane P", "review_date": "on January 26, 2013"}, "Millenwagon": {"title": "Good for the money", "review": "I am no flashlight expert so I can't comment on the brightness or battery powered life but for $5 and free shipping you better believe it is worth grabbing and setting next to your bed or on walks and night with your dog.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Millenwagon", "review_date": "on December 12, 2012"}, "Robert D.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "excellent flashlight thank u...........", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robert D.", "review_date": "on June 30, 2014"}, "MARK MURRAY": {"title": "SMALL TORCH FLASHLIGHT", "review": "SMALL ENOUGH TO CARRY IN YOUR POCKET TO BE READY WHEN YOU NEED TO LIGHT UP A PARTICULAR SITUATION.  IT HAS HELPED ME  NUMEROUS TIMES.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MARK MURRAY", "review_date": "on February 9, 2014"}, "Peter C.": {"title": "small and bright!", "review": "great little adjustable flashlight. very bright and easy to carry along in my backpack when ever i need it. just found out about the different brightness settings, so cool!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Peter C.", "review_date": "on January 10, 2013"}, "cecilia m churchwell": {"title": "Great Flashlight!", "review": "It was EXACTLY what I wanted! I could NOT find any flashlights like this anywhere. I HIGHLY recommend it if anyone is looking for a small pocket flashlight with a BIG BRIGHT LIGHT & adjustable Focus Zoom. It's the best I have ever found!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "cecilia m churchwell", "review_date": "on May 14, 2013"}, "Kevin": {"title": "Excellent", "review": "The light is very bright and have long distance. Its very small so it can be portable in a pocket. Its excellent, i will buy another one.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kevin", "review_date": "on November 29, 2012"}, "remington": {"title": "not as expected", "review": "I already had one & liked it,wanted to get additional ones, however these are a little different .It doesn't pulse on the 2nd click as expected.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "remington", "review_date": "on November 13, 2013"}, "Cody": {"title": "Bright!", "review": "For the price you can't beat it - very bright and seems durable.  Perfect for your glovebox - would recommend to anyone.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Cody", "review_date": "on March 27, 2013"}, "goshha": {"title": "i love it", "review": "the product is very good for this price. I did not expect something better. I am using it about six month and i am very satisfied.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "goshha", "review_date": "on February 26, 2014"}, "Rosa Mendoza": {"title": "Great lighting", "review": "I purchased these flashlights to add to my bug out bag that I carry in my car. They're small, good quality, and only require 1 AA battery. It has a zoom in/out feature that is very handy. I also like that the power on and off button is at the end of the flashlight for quick access, whereas some other lights I've purchased have them on the side. My husband is using one for when he takes the dogs out to use the restroom at our apt complex and likes it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rosa Mendoza", "review_date": "on May 27, 2017"}, "DS": {"title": "Not 7W or 300 Lumen", "review": "Pros:Fairly good build qualifyGood floodSingle AACons:Poor spot1 W with AA NiMH3.5 W with 14500 lithium ionPoor efficiencyTechlite LumenMaster at Costco is a bettery deal when on sale (3 for $15)", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DS", "review_date": "on November 29, 2012"}, "Steelman": {"title": "Solidly made", "review": "Very solidly made. Very bright and the beam is easily changed from concentrated to broad by sliding the lens. Runs on one AA battery which is easy to change. The LED is easily changed as well if needed. There were two in the package. The main problem is that there are three modes: bright, dim and bright strobe and you need to cycle thru all of them to get to the one you want. Every time you turn it on. It does not stay on the last mode used.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Steelman", "review_date": "on September 27, 2017"}, "Mark": {"title": "Bright", "review": "Batteries last a long time and its super bright and rugged.... Not much more then that.  I would recommend it", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mark", "review_date": "on April 5, 2013"}, "Bryan": {"title": "300 lm light", "review": "Great light for the money!  No instructions whatsoever with light, thus I had to try various battery sizes before realizing 1 AA was all i needed.  The beam will reach out far when you pull the focus zoom lens out.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bryan", "review_date": "on January 4, 2013"}, "C. Le": {"title": "Worth the $$", "review": "Since this product was shipped from Hong Kong i was expecting that it would take about 4 to 6 weeks to arrive, but it came in the mail in about 3 weeks. Very compact only uses one AA, bright and durable, I would recommend this item.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "C. Le", "review_date": "on November 24, 2012"}, "Giovanni Espinoza": {"title": "Good for the price.", "review": "A very good and built product for the price. Great product...and it only works on a single AA battery.It has a high output and bright light that you can zoom in and out, low light to save the battery power and strobe.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Giovanni Espinoza", "review_date": "on December 24, 2012"}, "Mike Holmes": {"title": "Great Price! Horrible Square Light However..", "review": "I had to get a flashlight that fitted my 1\u201d light mount for an upcoming airsoft skirmish. Thought I might as well get a combo pack! These little things pack quite a punch, and they\u2019re tough. There not fully water resistant but they lasted through some rainfall and condensation. The lens is also quite thick because I also drop them on a concrete floor and not even a slight scratch. I ended up using them periodically over a time span of 7 hours in below 26\u00b0 F weather and haven\u2019t notice them go dim. Would recommend them because of the great value!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mike Holmes", "review_date": "on December 26, 2017"}, "M. Rodriguez": {"title": "Good", "review": "Tough little light. Good price", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M. Rodriguez", "review_date": "on October 3, 2014"}, "Verdez Reviews": {"title": "I was expecting too much out of these little guys ...", "review": "I was expecting too much out of these little guys. Ad says 300 lumens if im remembering correctly. Id say theyre more around 90-110lumens. 3/4 have scratched lenses which isnt too much of an issue but considering theyre scratched on the inside, it could come as a concern to others.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Verdez Reviews", "review_date": "on November 11, 2017"}, "SARA ABOLAHRARI": {"title": "Great small flashlight", "review": "Great brightness, very well made.Well worth the price .Would buy again. Hopefully bulb lasts for a long time . It should as its LED.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "SARA ABOLAHRARI", "review_date": "on June 29, 2014"}, "Brian S": {"title": "satisfying and better than expected.", "review": "This is a prize! I carry it with me where ever I go; have dropped it a few times--but it is tough and I am starting to depend on it alot.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Brian S", "review_date": "on November 1, 2013"}, "Jaidmaster": {"title": "Great for the price!", "review": "A few cosmetic blemishes, but works well.  Great deal for the price!  Mine came marked as UltraFire / CREE.  Thanks!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jaidmaster", "review_date": "on December 2, 2013"}, "Rod Collins": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Powerful!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rod Collins", "review_date": "on March 24, 2017"}, "James King": {"title": "When turning these on, you get a different mode ...", "review": "When turning these on, you get a different mode each time. Who wants a flashlight that shines a random mode each time? I use the same mode 99% of the time so have to change modes every time I turn it on. No thanks.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James King", "review_date": "on February 15, 2017"}, "Lian YU": {"title": "Bad Quality", "review": "It came with everything seemingly OK.  The bulb was bright, but after a few days use, the bulb became dim which makes the flashlight useless.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Lian YU", "review_date": "on March 19, 2013"}, "Yotedowner": {"title": "Better than expected", "review": "Unexpected quality for a flashlight under $4.00. I use a 14500 rechargeable battery and it is very bright. The zoom is a nice feature. I have recommended this to everybody I know. Shipping was faster than stated.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Yotedowner", "review_date": "on October 2, 2013"}, "C. Carnevale": {"title": "very bright, only one AA battery", "review": "The light is brighter than other LED lights I've owned. What's amazing is how uniformly bright the light is. It creates an almost perfect white circle of light. No brighter at the center or edge.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "C. Carnevale", "review_date": "on June 5, 2013"}, "jeff waddell": {"title": "Now I Have One !", "review": "I had purchased one of these around Christmas time for my girlfriend. it put ALL my other compact lights to shame, so much so i kept \"borrowing ' hers. Now their is one in each car and I have my own!!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jeff waddell", "review_date": "on February 19, 2013"}, "Fritz Merkel": {"title": "Bright and small", "review": "I have a similar single AA focus light I got from China. This one is better machined, brighter, and has a smoother focus.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Fritz Merkel", "review_date": "on December 26, 2012"}, "Jon E Jimenez": {"title": "love it", "review": "Great product, took sometime to receive, but once i got it, i was amazed how well built it was and how bright it was and im using regular AA batteries.  Its a great little light to carry around, and for the price you cannot go wrong", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jon E Jimenez", "review_date": "on December 12, 2012"}, "Evan J.": {"title": "Aukey ships well-made, adjustable-focus from USA", "review": "Purchased from Aukey in early February, it arrived quickly (shipped from California to California). Flashlight was as described, including fully adjustable focus. It appears well-made and durable, and despite daily use and withstanding a few drops, the only signs of damage are some small scratches.Pros: Very bright, apparently durable after ~1 month ownership. Good battery life. Appears water resistant but I haven't cared to test that.Cons: The clip is very stiff. It's near-impossible to clip onto my pants pocket one-handed, and a bit difficult to unclip. I might be able to bend it away slightly, but I haven't tried.Overall very happy with the flashlight, will likely purchase more from the same seller as gifts.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Evan J.", "review_date": "on March 5, 2013"}, "Gary Davis": {"title": "Great for the money!", "review": "This light is very bright and while its not a surefire or even a fenix, for the price you just cant beat it.  I keep one in my truck and have used it more than a few times with no problems.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gary Davis", "review_date": "on December 27, 2013"}, "STEVE C": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little light to carry in tiny storage under my motorcycle seat.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "STEVE C", "review_date": "on December 5, 2014"}, "anon": {"title": "you get what you pay for", "review": "I got three of these. For the price...why not. I gave one to my son... age 8 years old.It lasted less than 24 hours. The other 2 are still working.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "anon", "review_date": "on September 15, 2013"}, "Tyler D": {"title": "Cheap but extremely bright", "review": "I ordered the rechargeable batteries along with this. It eats the batter FAST and gets really hot after a few minutes of use. But hey, for the price I can blind someone 100 yards away.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tyler D", "review_date": "on January 16, 2014"}, "S. G. Shoemake": {"title": "Toggle switch doesn't work", "review": "Ordered 2 packages - 4 flashlights total.  One of the push button toggle switches works only when it feels like it - and it's not often it feels like it.  The other 3 flashlights work okay, but I wonder how long before their push button toggle switch craps out.This is the first time in 14 years of shopping with Amazon that a product we purchased doesn't work.  I guess it was bound to happen sooner or later.It's not worth the hassle to send a $4 flashlight back. It should be thrown away, but then I'm throwing away $4 of my money.  It's not the money, it's the principle.  Come on Amazon, just suck it up and mail me a working replacement.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "S. G. Shoemake", "review_date": "on April 23, 2017"}, "luke": {"title": "So far this flashlight is great.", "review": "So far this flashlight is great. Very bright for the money and just one aa battery. If it lasts without breaking for awhile it is well worth the money...as much as some very higher priced flashlights.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "luke", "review_date": "on January 25, 2013"}, "William L. Priest": {"title": "Good light for the money.", "review": "Very bright light for a small price! I'm very pleased with my purchase. I even have some friends that are wanting one now.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "William L. Priest", "review_date": "on December 16, 2013"}, "williamwainwright14": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "I like the lights very good", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "williamwainwright14", "review_date": "on April 6, 2015"}, "EttyOop": {"title": "Great little flashlight!", "review": "These are so much brighter than I expected! First of all, love that there are two. But the fact that there are different settings makes it a hit with the kids too! Personal flashlight for kid = win. It means that she can handle things on her own despite it being darker in the house than she prefers. On a less personal note, though - Small/portable, easy to use, super bright. Love it!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "EttyOop", "review_date": "on April 11, 2017"}, "THAO DINH": {"title": "SODIAL-7w 300lm Mini Cree Led Flashlight.", "review": "nice litle flashlight, very bright, good quality, strong built only need one AA battery, cheap compare to other flashlight I had.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "THAO DINH", "review_date": "on November 21, 2012"}, "Chris Bornhorst": {"title": "Awesome", "review": "An amazing light for the price. I buy lots of edc lights for testing and this is up there with almost all of my 30 to 40 dollar lights", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Chris Bornhorst", "review_date": "on November 13, 2013"}, "Sandra Seltzer": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "It took a while to arrive, but it was worth the wait!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sandra Seltzer", "review_date": "on May 22, 2015"}, "Jason Liebl": {"title": "Great little light", "review": "This is a great little light for the money, will order a few more soon just to have around the house.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jason Liebl", "review_date": "on September 9, 2013"}, "D. Hensley": {"title": "Good deal for the price.", "review": "I have used one of these a lot for QC inspection on and off several times a day its still working.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D. Hensley", "review_date": "on April 30, 2013"}, "Stimpy": {"title": "Just ok.", "review": "I don't like the modes that it forces you to cycle through. I have to click through dim and flasher modes before I get to the regular bright mode which is all I wanted in the first place. For the price it's a marginally ok product.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Stimpy", "review_date": "on July 4, 2017"}, "Stephanie Brusig": {"title": "Awesome flashlight!", "review": "My friend showed me this flashlight. Very bright and at a really great price. I will buy more to have around the house and cars.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Stephanie Brusig", "review_date": "on February 13, 2013"}, "venugm": {"title": "very bright and solidly built", "review": "Even with a AA alkaline battery this flash light is bright. It is solidly built. The weight of the flashlight fooled me into thinking it already had the battery inside.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "venugm", "review_date": "on January 6, 2013"}, "OB": {"title": "Amazing little flashlight!", "review": "I took this flashlight to Costa Rica with me and it survived wonderfully. Extremely bright and with the telescopic extension, reaches a great distance. Light and portable. Love it.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "OB", "review_date": "on December 21, 2012"}, "Ipilot": {"title": "Great deal", "review": "Bought 8 of these for Christmas presents.  Nice light output with the AA battery.  Very compact and fit easily in a pocket.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ipilot", "review_date": "on January 15, 2014"}, "d-Rex": {"title": "Great little flashlight", "review": "This is a surprisingly good flashlight, especially for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "d-Rex", "review_date": "on August 16, 2014"}, "greg": {"title": "they dont cost much but now i know why", "review": "save your money if you drop them they don't shut off anymore both are broke in less then a week", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "greg", "review_date": "on May 4, 2017"}, "neskazhu": {"title": "Bright little light", "review": "I like this flashlight, for the size, it's very bright.  If you tap the switch lightly, it changes modes, You can pull  the front lens, and zoom from wide to narrow beam. I gave it 4 stars just because the bottom cap (with switch) has very poor tread. at the beginning I thought it wouldn't hold it close with battery. But it does so far.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "neskazhu", "review_date": "on March 25, 2013"}, "PirateBob": {"title": "Spend a few more bucks at CostCo", "review": "I figured, what the heck. Took a chance only due to the fact it has an adjustable beam. Light output it pretty weak in my opinion. The clip broke immediately. The only thing this has going for it is its size. Go to Costco and spend 15$ on a pack of three flashlights WITH battery's!", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "PirateBob", "review_date": "on September 5, 2013"}, "comebackcarl": {"title": "Cool Little Light", "review": "This little light is very bright and a great deal at around $5.... I keep it in my glove box and am considering purchasing another one.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "comebackcarl", "review_date": "on November 28, 2012"}, "clopez": {"title": "Bright bright bright", "review": "Very very bright. I love this little light. And the zoom feature is even better to use. You will not regret it", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "clopez", "review_date": "on January 11, 2013"}, "Dpvoice": {"title": "Super bright", "review": "From a flashlight afficianado, super bright! Adjustable focus as well. Compared it with the brightness of my other mini flashlights and it far exceeds!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Dpvoice", "review_date": "on November 18, 2012"}, "r sample": {"title": "great for the price", "review": "inexpensive and really bright use it all around the house working and for camping. I haven't had it long I hope it lasts because I like it", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "r sample", "review_date": "on May 11, 2013"}, "tominator": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Awasome light.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tominator", "review_date": "on September 4, 2014"}, "Marykatherine Meyer": {"title": "One Star", "review": "Didn\u2019t work even tried several batteries", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Marykatherine Meyer", "review_date": "on December 29, 2017"}, "Kristopher Dankers": {"title": "Great Little Light", "review": "For the price and how far it traveled, this thing is amazing.I love how it is adjustable and heavy.I have one in my backpack and one in my car.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kristopher Dankers", "review_date": "on May 31, 2013"}, "Mike C": {"title": "Good little flaslight", "review": "not quite sure of the exact 300lm as advertised, but this is one bright little flashlight. I bought several to keep in different areas of the house.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mike C", "review_date": "on February 9, 2013"}, "Brandon B.": {"title": "great light", "review": "Very bright, perfect size, no complaints. Insert a AA battery and you're good to go. I wish it had included a battery, but for the price I have zero complaints.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Brandon B.", "review_date": "on December 25, 2012"}, "K. Moore": {"title": "Good Quality at a nice price", "review": "As advertised, zoom lens to change pattern, 1 aa battery, nice and bright. I have had it for a while and it has held up well.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "K. Moore", "review_date": "on January 15, 2013"}, "DMan": {"title": "Good", "review": "Good cheap backup light to have.  Light weight, adjustable and flashes also.  Use it several it's and have not had any problems.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DMan", "review_date": "on June 20, 2013"}, "Steven": {"title": "Well worth the money", "review": "Even with the cost of a rechargeable battery and charger, I spent very little compared to other lights of this quality. Very pleased with this light!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Steven", "review_date": "on July 23, 2013"}, "Mark Salzer": {"title": "Doesn't adjustment", "review": "Good brightness even with AA battery but it doesn't adjust the beam as advertised.  Feels solid in the hand and the clip appears solid.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mark Salzer", "review_date": "on January 8, 2013"}, "Pablo Ramon": {"title": "Quick shipping. Flash light is week compared to other ...", "review": "Quick shipping.Flash light is week compared to other 300 lumens flash lights.  This may be due to the fact that it uses a single AA battery.Not recomended.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Pablo Ramon", "review_date": "on July 1, 2017"}, "R. Russell": {"title": "Very Utilitarian - until you use it!", "review": "We are simply delighted with this little powerhouse! As far as we're concerned, it is plenty bight and blows regular flashlights away. I was rather amazed at the light beam (adjustable) it offers. The scalloping on the nose protects the lens. I recommend using a rechargeable AA battery because it uses a bit of power to provide that nice beam. BUT after one uses the little powerhouse, the button on the end gets messed up and you have to disassemble it to get the loose spring properly aligned again. This happens with both of the ones we bought. They really should be pulled from the inventory because this issue really compromises the usability of the flashlight. Clearly bad design.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "R. Russell", "review_date": "on December 29, 2012"}, "Jerry D. Goodwin": {"title": "Adjustable Torch", "review": "Small but powerful, just a nice little light to keep on my computer desk.  The adjustable feature is a nice tool.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jerry D. Goodwin", "review_date": "on November 21, 2012"}, "drfgtown": {"title": "Cheap flashlight, broke shortly after receiving", "review": "Worked great for a short while, then completely stopped working.  Probably didn't use it more than six or seven times.  Save your money.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "drfgtown", "review_date": "on December 28, 2012"}, "ixiz": {"title": "Awesome little led light", "review": "Great value, compact, bright and adjustable.  Uses single AA battery.  Drawback is at the smallest focus beam its not round", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ixiz", "review_date": "on November 25, 2012"}, "l2": {"title": "dubious about specs", "review": "I bought one of these. Doesn't seem any brighter than older flashlights that claim to be 1W 100 lumens. I am very dubious about the advertised spec of 7W 300lm.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "l2", "review_date": "on November 6, 2012"}, "Allen Oliver": {"title": "This is an absolutely terrific product!", "review": "You can't believe the light that comes out of this small device.It uses one AA battery and is adjustable from a spot to lighting the whole room.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Allen Oliver", "review_date": "on November 24, 2012"}, "Jeffrey Johnson": {"title": "Awesome!", "review": "Great little light.As good as lights costing ten times as much.Only uses one AA battery.Going to order more.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jeffrey Johnson", "review_date": "on January 6, 2013"}, "brandon": {"title": "NOT the same light sold by tech360cc", "review": "This light is a knockoff of an earlier 300lm cree i purchased from what initially thought was the same seller... The original Cree 300lm will have \"Ultrafire\" clearly stamped on the side and the beam is non-adjustable. Also the on/off button is completely different. This light is junk compared to the real Ultrafire. So pissed right now cause i gave the Ultrafire away to my father and now im stuck with this POS knockoff. So, in summary, if your light came with no stamping and is adjustable you got screwed.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "brandon", "review_date": "on May 25, 2013"}, "Gary Strader": {"title": "Cree is for me", "review": "Very bright and cheap.  I like the 3 settings bright, dim, and blinky.Seems durable, and perfect to keep in the car.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Gary Strader", "review_date": "on March 6, 2013"}, "fastiger": {"title": "Not a good quality", "review": "One of the flash light stop working after about a month to use. It seems like the switch problem to something internal. Not recommendable", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "fastiger", "review_date": "on November 14, 2017"}, "Robin": {"title": "Quality - probably the best one made", "review": "Exactly as described, and more. Well engineered item, water resistant 100%. Super bright white beam. Battery easy to replace. I will buy again - these make excellent gifts for friends and family (just make sure you order them some AmazonBasic AA batteries too :-)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Robin", "review_date": "on August 3, 2017"}, "TitanSK1": {"title": "Smaller than expected but very handy to have around the house!", "review": "I've grabbed quite a few of these low priced flashlights over the years.  These ones are very nicely put together.  The button has a comforting sense of durability when you click it and I hope that translates into it not failing prematurely as some others have in the past.  The overall build quality feels nice and solid.  The light level with AA's is satisfactory, and exceeds that feeling when you factor in the cost and size of the light.  There are some small purchases that leave you feeling like you got a better deal than you expected, this was one of those.  Great light for a cheap price!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "TitanSK1", "review_date": "on March 26, 2013"}, "Moses Jones": {"title": "Great product!", "review": "what an awesome product for such a great price. I definitely recommend for buy. Took awhile to get though. :)", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Moses Jones", "review_date": "on September 21, 2013"}, "Vascal": {"title": "Exelent", "review": "A++ easy to adjust. Takes only one battery makes it more better. Very durable like it And will recommend To purchase one", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Vascal", "review_date": "on November 20, 2012"}, "Rene A Gomez": {"title": "Great little torchlight!", "review": "Compact, bright, and only one AA battery is required. Zoom is a nice feature, as well as being water resistant.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Rene A Gomez", "review_date": "on August 5, 2013"}, "Octavio": {"title": "Well one worked great, the other one did not work since day ...", "review": "Well one worked great , the other one did not work since day one, was not so bright and just went off. Got a new battery and turned on and then off. DEAD NOW...SO , I WOULD NOT BUY! DID I MENTION THAT WE got HIT BY MARIA? YEAH AND REALLY NEEDED IT!", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Octavio", "review_date": "on November 21, 2017"}, "Jacob Anderson": {"title": "Does the job!", "review": "I would say this light is somewhere in the neighborhood of ~100 lumens when on a 1.2 volt AA battery. The build quality is acceptable, just. The slide feels loose but it doesn't feel like it's going to come off or anything. It also has a really weird clip which I have removed because it was too tight. It was also much smaller than I expected but that was just ignorance on my part. And to confirm all the other reviews it only has 1 mode. (well 2 if you count 'off' lol)", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jacob Anderson", "review_date": "on November 7, 2012"}, "Greg": {"title": "nice light, very bright", "review": "much brighter with the 14500 battery, but still adequate with the AA. i like the switch, just an on/off switch, not strobe.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Greg", "review_date": "on November 25, 2012"}, "steven r thompson": {"title": "Good little flashlight for the price", "review": "All 4 I ordered worked perfect.  Nice bright light with the ability to focus or spread the beam.  I'd buy again.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "steven r thompson", "review_date": "on February 28, 2013"}, "Vanessa A. Gonzalez": {"title": "Bright light", "review": "I bought one for myself for hurricane season.  Bought a second one for my friend who's a cop, she love it!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Vanessa A. Gonzalez", "review_date": "on February 11, 2013"}, "enrique marquez": {"title": "Really good for the price", "review": "Really good for the price, solid construction and small. It just took a while receive it. But I was in no hurry", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "enrique marquez", "review_date": "on December 10, 2012"}, "Tom W": {"title": "The one light is nice for the price but I paid for", "review": "Only received one light in my order. The one light is nice for the price but I paid for two", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tom W", "review_date": "on June 23, 2017"}, "diesel": {"title": "Absolutely terrible trash. Have yet to work properly", "review": "If i could give this product a zero i would. Absolutely terrible trash. Have yet to work properly. Wish i could have returned them. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "diesel", "review_date": "on December 23, 2017"}, "Walter": {"title": "Worth $5 all day", "review": "The square beam is a trade off I am willing to make for this $5 edc. The adjustable slide is very smooth", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Walter", "review_date": "on December 16, 2012"}, "Salie Yates": {"title": "Love these lights!", "review": "OMG! I love these flash lights!  I originally I got these for my survival kit. I put one in my survival pack and the other one in my purse.  I use the one in my purse all the time!  My purse is so big, I loose things!  Lol!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Salie Yates", "review_date": "on June 30, 2017"}, "Tom K": {"title": "These are as good as any light I have used", "review": "These are as good as any light I have used. I live in the woods and they light up the country side. I have one on my shotgun and it works great.Super compact size allows for east carry and mounting on a weapon.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tom K", "review_date": "on June 30, 2017"}, "M. Champion": {"title": "these are super bright, need only one common AA battery", "review": "these are super bright, need only one common AA battery. fit easily in glove box or center console of car. they don't weigh hardly anything so I imagine ideal for a purse as well. I'd purchase again in the future", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M. Champion", "review_date": "on July 1, 2017"}, "Tracy A. Dexter": {"title": "D.O.A.", "review": "Product arrived DOA.  Seems to be a current fad with this piece of merchandise.  Waiting to see if I will get another one sent to me or what.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Tracy A. Dexter", "review_date": "on January 7, 2013"}, "Marlies Fitch Ledbetter": {"title": "Total waste of money", "review": "Can\u2019t even get a battery in it. And it\u2019s not bright at all once I finally got the top open. It just kept spinning and spinning. Now I can\u2019t get the batteries out", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Marlies Fitch Ledbetter", "review_date": "on April 5, 2018"}, "PSH": {"title": "Bright! Just what I wanted!", "review": "Great price for the same basic light I had purchased for a higher price from another vendor.  Excellent! Small, lightweight and light stream can be narrow or wide angle.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "PSH", "review_date": "on July 12, 2017"}, "indymojo": {"title": "i guess i need to read description better or measure better", "review": "would not buy again. why to small.  i guess i need to read description better or measure better.  these are sooooo small.  They work ok too but just to sarn small.", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "indymojo", "review_date": "on November 10, 2017"}, "Man Asura": {"title": "The service is very good company!", "review": "This company's service is very good, the product if there is a problem they will bear the responsibility, is a trusted company!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Man Asura", "review_date": "on January 12, 2013"}, "Ellen Harris": {"title": "Buy yourself a few of these great flash lights.", "review": "I work at a hospital, at night. These work perfect when I don't want to disturb my patients and wake them up with a bright light. They are so cute and fit in my pocket of my uniform. I also keep one in my purse.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ellen Harris", "review_date": "on June 24, 2017"}, "Garry": {"title": "Nothing close to 300 lumens", "review": "The light sucks, it is nothing close to 300 lumens unless you buy a specialty battery that most don't have or won't buy. Not to mention the movable head to change focus. The tip of the flashlight moves from the body in and out to allow focus. This is not needed and only creates another movable part to break.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Garry", "review_date": "on March 5, 2013"}, "L. Bare": {"title": "One Star", "review": "No instructions as to how to open and replace batterys, they did not light when button was pressed.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "L. Bare", "review_date": "on January 10, 2018"}, "James P. McDonough": {"title": "poor quality", "review": "I ordered 2 of these, one showed up missing a screw on the clip, the second has screws that do not stay in.  I ordered these because of the clip.  I will epoxy new screws in, but I should not have to with brand new merchadise", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James P. McDonough", "review_date": "on October 30, 2013"}, "Jag": {"title": "Meh...", "review": "Not impressed. These aren't much better than the dollar store flashlights, not very bright, as the high dollar flashlights are.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jag", "review_date": "on May 21, 2017"}, "Linda K.": {"title": "Follow the light", "review": "Perfect size for purse or glove box. Great for carrying on night walks. Would give 5 star but i prefer sa wrist strap added.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Linda K.", "review_date": "on August 25, 2017"}, "Jesus Andrade": {"title": "Review  on bockbirdes LED  flashlight A 100 mini superbright", "review": "A OK flashlight for the price good for  fishing  hunting and outdoor activities  Like the fact that it's  made with a metal material  very bright  Love the belt clip  Good product", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jesus Andrade", "review_date": "on August 20, 2017"}, "Kramer": {"title": "These flashlights are OK. Nothing special. For as ...", "review": "These flashlights are OK. Nothing special.For as cheap as they are, I don't suppose you can set your sights too high!", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Kramer", "review_date": "on April 23, 2017"}, "Random human": {"title": "Great little flashlight", "review": "ProsIt was inexpensive. $5Lasts a long time on a single AA battery.Uses AA batteries as opposed to AAA.Feels well made.Being able to adjust the beam from focus to flood.Nice light output considering its size and single battery.ConsThe price went up. Otherwise its a fantastic little flashlight.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Random human", "review_date": "on January 19, 2013"}, "D": {"title": "Poor Quality", "review": "Ordered 5, all 5 are now in the garbage. They don't last very long and seller would not respond to messages. =(", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "D", "review_date": "on October 17, 2014"}, "steven cantu": {"title": "maybe I can rate it better when It is delivered and", "review": "the reason for the low rate is because of the long wait for the delivery of this product....maybe I can rate it better when It is delivered and used", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "steven cantu", "review_date": "on October 28, 2014"}, "Carol C.": {"title": "NOT SUITABLE AS BIKE LIGHT!", "review": "I bought these to use as a bike headlight. My commute to work is about 20min., which I do by bike after dark 3-4x/wk. I always used the strobe because it is more conspicuous and drains the battery less than a steady beam, and is legal for a bike headlight in Florida. At first I was very happy with the brightness, but after 2-3wks. the light would require many clicks of the switch to turn on. Then it would go dark during my trip, and afterwards it wouldn't come on at all. This started after a total use of less than 3hrs. in strobe function, and the battery still had plenty of charge. I tried the 2nd light, and had a similar experience. Not wanting to continue risking my life, I tried to return the item, but it was not eligable. I am very dis-satisfied.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Carol C.", "review_date": "on January 3, 2018"}, "egt45": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great for the price.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "egt45", "review_date": "on March 23, 2016"}, "Fred": {"title": "Hate it because I love it", "review": "Hate it because I love it. I have not received it yet. I got one in the past and I loved it and decided to buy five more for myself and friends, but it's been a month and they are not here. They are definitely on a slow boat from China.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Fred", "review_date": "on January 6, 2013"}, "A. Rizzo": {"title": "much brighter than the 100w version", "review": "I have the older version of this flash light and it is nice and bright but the new one blows it away.  To get the really bright light you need the 3.6v lipo battery.  With a AA battery it is not as bright as with the lipo battery.  A regular AA battery is only 1.5v and has a lower current output.  Highly recommend these flash lights.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "A. Rizzo", "review_date": "on November 8, 2012"}, "V. L. Caruso": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great little flashlight. It works well and is very bright for its size.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "V. L. Caruso", "review_date": "on August 19, 2017"}, "Mr C": {"title": "different seller.... different products", "review": "I've purchased 6 of these before. this is the first one that didn't have the 3 function power switch. This seems to be a common issue but people never realize there are several sellers of this light. This one I bought from seller tosell888. He had the longest shipping time and no 3 function switch. The light also doesn't seem as bright as my other 3 function units. I would say its in between the hi/lo setting of the 3 function using a lithium energizer aa battery.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mr C", "review_date": "on September 25, 2013"}, "REALDEAL": {"title": "I have had excellent service life from other LED merchants", "review": "BOTH flash lights stopped operating in less than a week!  I have had excellent service life from other LED merchants.  No excusefor such dismal performance.  Steven Belaus", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "REALDEAL", "review_date": "on January 16, 2018"}, "William R.": {"title": "One Star", "review": "after the First time using the flashlight it fell out of my pocket and it hasnt worked since.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "William R.", "review_date": "on September 15, 2017"}, "**BlackStar**": {"title": "super bright", "review": "i was really surprised how bright they were and they only take 1 AA battery per flashlight", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "**BlackStar**", "review_date": "on June 24, 2017"}, "tdemp3": {"title": "Nice portable flashlights.", "review": "Very bright light, non adjustable beam", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "tdemp3", "review_date": "on June 24, 2017"}, "sandra l smith": {"title": "Two Stars", "review": "Not bright at all but handy enough", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "sandra l smith", "review_date": "on November 11, 2017"}, "David S.": {"title": "Two Stars", "review": "they stop working!!!!", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "David S.", "review_date": "on January 29, 2018"}, "Thomas Weinstein": {"title": "Way smaller than I thought.", "review": "Way smaller  than I thought. My fault", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Thomas Weinstein", "review_date": "on May 29, 2017"}, "kiersten bender": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "kinda small but will update when we go camping this thursday!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "kiersten bender", "review_date": "on August 22, 2017"}, "ROTTO": {"title": "Don't waste your money on flash lights that take AAA batteries", "review": "Incredibly bright! Don't waste your money on flash lights that take AAA batteries. These take just", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ROTTO", "review_date": "on August 22, 2017"}, "Musicman1972": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Excellent quality and workmanship!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Musicman1972", "review_date": "on July 2, 2017"}, "chaim": {"title": "One Star", "review": "Never worked", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "chaim", "review_date": "on June 26, 2015"}, "anthony": {"title": "Perfect", "review": "Best flashlight ever", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "anthony", "review_date": "on April 23, 2017"}, "Daniel N.": {"title": "CHEAP IN PRICE, CHEAP IN QUALITY", "review": "Expect what you pay for. These started malfunctioning after \u00b16 uses. Really cheaply made. Expect to have these break very fast.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Daniel N.", "review_date": "on November 11, 2017"}, "miguel": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "I like it", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "miguel", "review_date": "on August 21, 2017"}, "kelvin": {"title": "Love it. and very bright", "review": "I have it for a few years. It stays strong. Love it. and very bright.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "kelvin", "review_date": "on January 21, 2016"}, "Bob Stone": {"title": "Still waiting for it..not happy at this time", "review": "Waiting for it to arrive...did not expect to wait so long for such a small flash light.  Good luck in the future...", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bob Stone", "review_date": "on December 20, 2012"}, "Ray_Larry": {"title": "It was bright when it worked.", "review": "The flash lght is compact, heavy. There were some debris inside the lense when arrived. I put a battery in and it was very bright. However, it stopped working after 2-3 weeks, I used it for just a couple of times. The light it delivered was no brighter than my cell phone screen. Fortunately the returen and refund was easy.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Ray_Larry", "review_date": "on December 11, 2012"}, "Mikki - Student": {"title": "Waste of my money", "review": "1 of the 2 flashlights work. but not as advertised.  Did not find the \"nonreturnable\" part until after receiving the items.  Rechecked the original page for the order and nowhere does it say \"nonreturnable\".  Waste of my money!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mikki - Student", "review_date": "on April 5, 2018"}, "J. Otoole": {"title": "Beware! LED gets extremely hot also", "review": "Tried this light with 14500 1200mAh 3.7V battery. As recommended by vendor. Just to see how longit would last.The flashlight was literally too hot to handle, really, way too hot to hold to within approx. 4 min. It got that hot that quickly. Light outputwas great for first 2-3 minutes, dimmed rapidly after that. Useful light output about 6-7 minutes.Seems ok with standard AA battery, but nowhere near as bright as advertised.You get what you pay for.I'm revising my review because on reflection I realize there is nothing on the flashlight itself to overheat, other than a short, which would have affected the other type battery I tried. Another post cautioned against using the brand battery I now believe to be the cause of overheating.Another customer suggested I check the LED bulb for heat. Much to my surprise, bulb got too hot to touch within seconds with a 14500 Li-ionbattery installed. Then a second brand of 14500 batteries overheated within couple of minutes. Have a couple more of these flashlights ordered, thinking I have a defective unit.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "J. Otoole", "review_date": "on July 21, 2013"}, "iRC aDiKz": {"title": "Manual", "review": "The only problem was there is no manual instruction.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "iRC aDiKz", "review_date": "on July 1, 2017"}, "GaTrader": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Super happy with how bright they are just wish they had come with batteries", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "GaTrader", "review_date": "on May 31, 2017"}, "Bill S.": {"title": "Light had issues, was intermittent and totally useless.", "review": "The light was as described however it was intermittent.  Sometimes it would light up and other times it would not.  Often it would light and then go out.  However,  I was given a refund so I cannot complain about the experience.Other mini lights I have ordered from Amazon have been flawless.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Bill S.", "review_date": "on June 15, 2015"}, "Vanessa Koch": {"title": "Wish it did not flicker", "review": "I thought the flashlight was good but I did not know that it flickers and I can\u2019t use it for the intended purpose, which is to seat guest in a performing arts center.  Kind of disappointed", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Vanessa Koch", "review_date": "on October 24, 2017"}, "Linda L.": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "VERY Bright lights for the cost. Plus uses common AA Batteries.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Linda L.", "review_date": "on June 23, 2017"}, "Barb V": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "These flashlights are AMAZING and so portable and bright!", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Barb V", "review_date": "on July 3, 2017"}, "RA": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Good", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "RA", "review_date": "on August 1, 2014"}, "LOUIS  MCLEAN": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "Not as expected", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "LOUIS  MCLEAN", "review_date": "on August 10, 2017"}, "ROSALINDA MUNOZ": {"title": "Product switching going on here.", "review": "ordered 1 light i was the 3 seting hi low and strobe with the cree logo on the side , then ordered 4 more and they are not the same light! this lights they only have one mode and they dont have the cree logo on the side!! i feel screwed!  bad seller that lie to ppl!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "ROSALINDA MUNOZ", "review_date": "on August 28, 2013"}, "Troy": {"title": "Two Stars", "review": "Not as bright as i thought it would be", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Troy", "review_date": "on January 26, 2018"}, "Roge": {"title": "Don't buy. Unreliable", "review": "One does not work.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Roge", "review_date": "on July 22, 2017"}, "Hiten U.": {"title": "Great item as expected", "review": "Great item as expected", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Hiten U.", "review_date": "on August 21, 2017"}, "Daniel Salminen": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "work great, super handy.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Daniel Salminen", "review_date": "on July 3, 2017"}, "Michael simpson": {"title": "Three Stars", "review": "NOT REAL BRIGHT", "rating": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Michael simpson", "review_date": "on September 10, 2017"}, "jon asri": {"title": "One Star", "review": "DOA and this item is not eligible for return!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "jon asri", "review_date": "on April 5, 2018"}, "zhuhuw": {"title": "One Star", "review": "terrible\uff01\uff01\uff01", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "zhuhuw", "review_date": "on February 2, 2018"}, "James": {"title": "Five Stars", "review": "Great light", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "James", "review_date": "on August 21, 2017"}, "Jimmylee Almen": {"title": "Thank you", "review": "Thank you very much.", "rating": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Jimmylee Almen", "review_date": "on August 22, 2017"}, "Mark ": {"title": "One unit works great. It will be good for my tool box ...", "review": "I know they were not expensive. One unit works great. It will be good for my tool box at work. The other .. the lens is messed up and not half as bright as the first. So in closing 50/50 dosnt work for me.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Mark ", "review_date": "on June 25, 2017"}, "dave": {"title": "Not as bright as the compitition", "review": "The heads are looseThe LED is most lokely not a Q5When they have a 14500 in them they are a compareable to a Sipik with an akaline, I ordered 4 of them and they are all of the same quality.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "dave", "review_date": "on November 20, 2012"}, "Brian Leupold": {"title": "One Star", "review": "Ridiculous that it doesn't come with a battery or battery charger. It's worthless without them", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Brian Leupold", "review_date": "on June 11, 2015"}, "Critical Reviewer": {"title": "THis is no way 300 lumens", "review": "The light stopped working after a little over a week's use.  Great!  Second Chinese flashlight I've bought that was just cr@p!  Also, DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS VENDOR!  When I contacted them to let them know the light stopped working after a little over a week, they said they would refund me $3.  What?  The light was half that amount.  Whatever.  Lesson learned: don't buy cheap Chinese crap.Also, in no way in hell is this light 300 lumens!  You must be joking!", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Critical Reviewer", "review_date": "on November 15, 2012"}, "Barbara Levenson": {"title": "Bought 4 of these lights all DOA", "review": "I received 4 of these flashlights last week, not one of them works. Refund is being processed.Guess I got products from defective batch. Obviously they are not tested before shipping.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Barbara Levenson", "review_date": "on December 10, 2012"}, "kkjjn": {"title": "Good for the price", "review": "Great for price but unfortunately doesn't have the three modes (high, low, strobe) that other model has for $0.50 more.Bright and good for general use!", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "kkjjn", "review_date": "on November 3, 2012"}, "Daniel Avina": {"title": "one works the ot doesnt", "review": "1 works fine .  the other blinks intermittently", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Daniel Avina", "review_date": "on March 17, 2018"}, "Sara L Walls": {"title": "Defective. Don\u2019t buy", "review": "I was VERY disappointed with these flashlights. The very first time I pushed the button to turn on the button collapsed in. Apparently they can\u2019t be returned which is awesome.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Sara L Walls", "review_date": "on December 29, 2017"}, "John D. Sissom": {"title": "Four Stars", "review": "good for the price.", "rating": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "John D. Sissom", "review_date": "on April 12, 2017"}, "B A": {"title": "One Star", "review": "Already no longer working after minimal use.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "B A", "review_date": "on March 11, 2018"}, "anonymous": {"title": "for $10 i guess it's barely acceptable. but annoying", "review": "fairly dim.also you have to adjust the tension of the battery cap just so. if you tighten it all the way the flashlight wont function, usually. inconsistent.", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "anonymous", "review_date": "on November 14, 2017"}, "Iceaug": {"title": "No focus", "review": "Nice enough light but adjustable focus zoom just doesn't work. Head of flashlight turns and turns but focus doen't change", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "Iceaug", "review_date": "on November 22, 2012"}, "MXN": {"title": "One Star", "review": "One DOA, second one can't use button to turn light off.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MXN", "review_date": "on November 13, 2017"}, "whiskers": {"title": "Save your money.", "review": "Works, but isn't worth the  price.Save your money.Save your money.Save your moneySave your money.Save your money..", "rating": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "whiskers", "review_date": "on March 28, 2013"}, "MDD": {"title": "I bought 2 and they worked great for 2-3 weeks then they quit working", "review": "I bought 2 and they worked great for 2-3 weeks then they quit working.  Was using in a hot, humid climate. ( New batteries didn't help)", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "MDD", "review_date": "on March 9, 2018"}, "justsomedude": {"title": "Product switching going on here.", "review": "Ordered one of these lights as a test purchase, it came fast, was super bright, and had 3-position cap (Hi-Lo-Strobe).  Ordered 4 more and the lights are same size, but not labeled CREE, and are single-mode and half-as bright.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "justsomedude", "review_date": "on December 12, 2012"}, "M. Ruse": {"title": "sounds better than it is", "review": "This item takes a long time to ship, the light source might be 300 lm but it is not focused so it spreads over a large area in a short distance....up close it is bright but beyond 10 feet it dissipates rapidly.  Cannot focus beam as there is no facility to do so.  Otherwise the product is robustly made and compact and cheap.", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "M. Ruse", "review_date": "on February 17, 2013"}, "DidtheREASEARCH": {"title": "Failed Flashlight 4 months old and no refund or replacement", "review": "Bought 3 of these and so far one has failed only 4 months out with basic around the house use, this means it was never used outside in the rain or snow or been sitting in a situation of extreme temperatures like my car.These should last longer then 4 months, very frustrating as I tried to work it out with seller.Emailed seller and basically none responsive and no customer service of any kind, not the way I would treat a customer...", "rating": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "author": "DidtheREASEARCH", "review_date": "on April 29, 2013"}}